24 Encephalitis Lethargica. It was in 1924 that further attention was arrested locally by this disease, no fewer than 24 cases occurring in that year. This number fell to 8 in 1925. In 1921, there was one case, but none occurred in 1922 and 1923. The disturbing factors in this disease are the high death rate and the serious damage which occurs in several of those who recover from the acute phase of the illness. Perhaps a short note on the cases notified in 1925 will serve to indicate the nature of the disease:— 1. L.M., male, age 31. Symptoms, pain over eye and spine. Mentally composed, delirious, then became unconscious. Had been sleepless for many weeks at outset. Six months afterwards we found that his intelligence had recovered and he slept well. He was slow in speech, complained that his nerves were bad and had no confidence in himself. 2. E.T., female, age 9. Had a history of Meningitis in 1923. Child was noticeably sleepy in September, was admitted to the Miller Hospital in October, and the House Physician wrote: "She smiled in a queer way, and was always breathing deeply. She would half close her eyes, open her mouth wide and would not answer if spoken to." Improved, and left hospital in October. In December, condition was much as on admission to Hospital. 3. J.B., male, age l½. Became ill in September with severe vomiting. He became comatose, whilst his breathing became quick; there was squints and retraction of head. In November, he was weakly and looked ill, was irritable, but slept well at night. In February 1926, was less irritable, muscles firm and looked well. 4. B.M.T., female, age 47. Suffered from "nerves," became sleepy, saw double, had headaches and aphasia. 5. G.P., male, age 37. Suffered from pains in the legs and com - plained of loss of power in the limbs. 6. H.J.L., male, age 22. Complained of headaches and dizziness, sleepiness and double vision. He had a fixed expression and the eye - ball shook laterally. There had been a history of pneumonia six months previously. Patient was admitted to hospital. Just a series of convulsions and died. 7. W.F., male, age 3. Had been knocked down by a bicycle. He became sleepless, bad tempered and suffered from headache. Delirium, fever and slight convulsions ensued. 