104 his wife alone with insufficient means to maintain the home. This patient was also an ex-service man, but had no grounds for claiming pension. Application was made to the United Services Fund who granted an allowance to the wife, which together with sick benefit, enabled her to manage during her husband's absence. In about a couple of months the London County Council was notified by the Medical Superintendent of the sanatorium that this patient was worried over home affairs and contemplated discharging himself. The Care Committee was asked to do anything possible to prevent this. A visit was paid to the home and it was found that insurance benefit had been reduced and that the wife was in difficulties, also that she was lonely and unhappy, and was needing a reason to urge her husband to come home. A successful effort to improve the situation was made. The United Services Fund increased their allowance, frequent visits were made to the wife who was persuaded that it was in her husband's interest that he should complete his treatment; he himself was written to and assured that there was no need now for him to worry and the man settled down again content. His letters of thanks made pleasant reading. In due course he returned home having done exceptionally well. His former employer found suitable work for him, and at present he is still working and keeping well. 3. The patient, in this case a boy of 17, returned from a course of treatment for T.B. kneejoint. Treatment was completed and disease quiescent, but it was necessary for the boy to wear irons and splint for a time He was consequently unfitted for employment at the moment, and it was felt by the Care Committee that some effort must be made to fill up his time usefully. In discussion with the boy and his parents it became evident that the patient was interested in clerical work and figures, and a commercial course at an L.C.C. centre was suggested. The boy was full of enthusiasm and the matter was arranged. The case was carefully watched, and the result as far as the boy was con - cerned exceeded expectations. It was evident, however, that the parents were feeling the strain of keeping a lad of this age ; clothing also was difficult, as the boy felt it if he went to school in a noticeably shabby state. It became evident that if the experiment was to be a success help must be sought. A report was first obtained from the school, to justify any request. This report, both as to progress and conduct, was excellent. Help has been now obtained, and it is hoped that within a reasonably short period the boy will be fit to undertake 