To the Mayor, Aldermen & Councillors P.H.3. of the Metropolitan Borough of Chelsea. Madam Mayor, Ladies & Gentlemen, I have the honour to submit my Annual Report on the health and sanitary conditions of the Borough for 1940. In accordance with instructions from the Ministry of Health, the report has been prepared in an abridged form. Complete records of each year's work are, however, being retained so that a comprehensive report covering the war period may in due course be available. The Registrar-General's estimate of the resident population is 38,700, as against 55,400 in 1939. This marked decrease arises mainly from conditions of war. The death rate of 22.0 per 1,000 of estimated civilian population - as compared with 14.6 in 1939 - is due to deaths from enemy action. The health of the population has been good. The incidence of infectious disease is low, although the risk of such outbreaks was serious owing to abnormal conditions associated with air - raid shelters. Every effort has? however, been made for the prevention of disease, including infestation by vermin. The number of cases of tuberculosis in the Borough was lower than last year. Sanitary administration of the Borough was satisfactorily maintained throughout the year, despite the many extra duties thrown upon the Department as a result of sustained enemy action. These duties included inspections by the Sanitary Inspectors of f irst-aid repairs to property, salvaged household effects, billets for homeless persons and problems arising out of removal and storage of foodstuffs from bombed premises. Normal house-to-house inspection is necessarily in abeyance for the duration of hostilities, but all complaints were investigated and the necessary action taken. As in former years, close attention was devoted to the supervision of food supplies. The Chelsea Health Society continues to render valuable assistance in connection with Maternity and Child Welfare work, also in co-operating with the responsible authorities in dealing with the evacuation of expectant and nursing mothers and young children. In addition, the Health Visitors undertake the issue and fitting of respirators to babies and toddlers. I should like to thank the members of the Council for the support and sympathetic consideration which have been extended to me and for their attention to the problems which it has been my duty to lay before them. To the staff of the Public Health Department I have also to express my appreciation of their devotion to duty in maintaining the service of the department at a high standard. I am, Madam Mayor, Ladies and Gentlemen, Your obedient Servant, w.h.l. McCarthy, Medical Officer of Health. 16th September, 1941. P . T. 0. - 1 - 