148 on Sunday, either as a special announcement or, if you prefer, in the course of your sermon. Health Week will include a Health Exhibition in the Hall, from to both dates inclusive, from to p.m. Expert lecturers will speak each day at and and there will be interesting and instructive films each evening at Reference to the above and to open-air and other meetings will be found in the editorial and advertising columns of the local press and on posters. I am to express to you the Council's thanks for your kind co-operation" An offer by the organiser to preach special sermons on Health Week Sunday will be favourably met, and an address could be given at one or two of the men's or women's Sunday afternoon meetings. Approach the proprietors of the town's Cinema Theatres and arrange for a half-hour's health film to be shown throughout the week before the usual big film is screened. As this costs a few pounds, those who are arranging their town's first Health Week may prefer to defer such a proposal until the initial venture has, so to speak, convinced the Council of its value. The new Era Films, Ltd., 26 and 27 D'Arblav Street, Wardour Street, have two outstanding films, "The House Fly, and " Where Flies go in the Winter Time." Edited by Professor Maxwell Lefroy, of the Imperial College of Science, the bacteriological work by Mr. K. B. Wiliiamson, M.A. The organiser, or a friend in general practice, could give the audience the story as the film is wound off. The films are printed on celluloid and, being so inflammable, are perhaps barred from some halls. The cost runs from two to three guineas. If it is decided to bring the films to the exhibition hall in preference to the local Cinemas, an operator and machine would be required and would cost extra. If the throw, i.e., the distance from the machine to the screen is more than thirty or forty feet, a professional Arc lamp would be necessary ; otherwise an excellent educational machine with cold light would do. Other films and firms occur to the mind. There is a good one displaying the destruction caused by rats and the methods adopted (actually screened) of destroying them. 