134 registration could this information be made available; further, an opportunity would thus be afforded for insisting on a reasonable standard of cleanliness before the registration of the premises, instead of the present procedure which merely tends to alleviate unsatisfactory con - ditions already existing. The position to-day so far as registration is concerned remains the same. On the Deptford Register we have a list of 136 Ice Cream Makers, but it is notorious that vendors can stroll in from any outside area with their barrows. The London County Council General Powers Act, 1902, forbids the manufacture, sale or storage of any ice cream in any cellar, shed or room having a drain inlet, or used as a living or sleeping room. Also anything done or left undone likely to expose ice cream to infection or contamination is liable to lead to a fine. The name and address of the person supplying the ice-cream must be on each itinerant vendor's barrow. The present regulations are quite out of date. Ice cream is now being increasingly manufactured on a large scale by firms who are thoroughly alive to the hygienic side of the subject. 1 recently inspected the premises, the preparation and packing of ice cream in a large factory solely devoted to the purpose, situated near to Waterloo Station. I was particularly struck with the attention paid by the women employees to the cleanliness of hands, nails, etc. The ice cream is put up in packets and containers and sold by lads who cycle throughout London. If it is too much to hope for the manufacture and sale of ice cream only by such firms, the public might well deal only with trustworthy firms. The use of small glasses by street vendors or shopkeepers who cannot or do not use hot water or clean towels to cleanse the glasses, is a practice which cannot be countenanced, as such are liable to be vehicles for contamination. The use of perishable wafers should be made compulsory. Despite the fact that a close watch is kept by the Inspector and myself over the " sculleries," " sheds in the yards," and kitchens in which ice cream is made locally, I am satisfied that it would be a good thing if the industry could be confined to firms and people whose premises and hygienic instincts are above suspicion. (The question of registration is being raised again with the County Council.) 