29 The total cost to the Council for anti-toxin supplied during the year was nil. PUBLIC HEALTH LEGISLATION IN FORCE IN THE BOROUGH. The powers under which the Council work are those contained in the Public General Acts, the London County Council (General Powers) Acts, and the Bye-laws under the Public Health Acts. In addition the Council on the 28th April, 1937, made the following bye-law for the good rule and government of Chelsea :— NUISANCES BY DQGS. (1) No person being in charge of a dog shall allow the dog to foul the footway of any street or public place by depositing its excrement thereon. Provided that a person shall not be liable to be convicted of an offence against this bye-law, if he satisfies the Court that the fouling of the footway by the dog was not due to culpable neglect or default on his part. (2) For the purposes of this bye-law the owner of the dog shall be deemed to be in charge thereof, unless the Court is satisfied that at the time when the dog fouled the footway it had been placed in or taken into the charge of some other person. (3) Any person offending against this bye-law shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings. (4) This bye-law shall cease to be in force on 1st June, 1939, unless a bye-law re-enacting its provisions has come into operation before that date. (5) As from the date on which this bye-law comes into operation, the bye-law made by the Council on 2nd February, 1927, under Section 23 of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, as to nuisances by dogs upon the public footways shall be and is hereby repealed. This bye-law has proved of considerable assistance in preventing serious nuisance. HOSPITAL SERVICES. The Borough is singularly well provided with facilities for hospital treatment, both general and special. In addition, several important general and special hospitals are situated in the immediate neighbourhood. Over 80 per cent. of the inhabitants suffering from serious illness or disease seek and obtain in-patient hospital accommodation. The following Hospitals and Institutions are located within the Borough. None of these are controlled or supported wholly or in part by the Borough Council. Brompton Hospital for Consumption. The Royal Cancer Hospital. Chelsea Hospital for Women. Cheyne Hospital for Children. Royal Hospital for Pensioners. St. George's Home for Tuberculosis. St. Luke's Hospital and Institution. St. Stephen's Hospital and Institution. Victoria Hospital for Children. The following table No.24 shows, in the form required by the Ministry of Health, particulars of the hospitals, public and voluntary, within and without the Borough, which are utilised by inhabitants of the Borough. 