112 central Centre could be specially built for the purpose, while retaining the remaining five. The present accommodation is fair, and but once the financial stringency of the times will admit of it, some advance might be made on the lines indicated. Until 1922, one Ante-Natal Centre was held in the morning at the Napier Street Centre. A second session was opened on Wednesday forenoons in view of the increasing numbers attending. Yet again a third session had to be opened on Thursday mornings. The numbers attending have now made it necessary to consider the question of a fourth morning session. Dr. Hill attends from 10 a.m. until 1 or 1.30 p.m. In addition to the Ante-Natal examinations, any urgent cases from any of the Infant Welfare Centres are seen on Wednesday forenoon. Professional Nursing in the Home. (a) General. 1. There is one nursing home in the Borough, situated in Tressillian Road, Hilly Fields, Brockley, to which surgical and medical cases are sent by medical practitioners. On emergency, a maternity case can be admitted, but surgical and medical cases form the great bulk. Nurses can be obtained from this home to visit at patients' own homes. No definite statement can be made, but as Deptford is an industrial borough, it is fairly certain to say that the overwhelming majority of serious surgical and many medical cases are removed to hospital for treatment. 2. Much valuable work is carried out by the St. John the Divine Nursing Association, situated in Watson Street, New Cross Road. The staff consists of a sister-in-charge, two general trained nurses, and two certified C.M.B's. All live in. Their services are obtained through doctors, clergymen and private persons. The staff covers a wide field in its operations, and touches upon a portion of Greenwich at Creek Road and Princes Street. 3. St. John's and the Congregational Church in Lewisham High Road enjoy the services of a nurse who resides in Upper Brockley Road. No mid-wifery is undertaken. 4. The Deptford Mission has a nurse whose sphere of work is mainly east of High Street. 5. Two nurses are attached to St. James' Church, their head - quarters being in Pagnell Street. 