80 St. George's Hospital ... Lady Almoner. St. Luke's Hospital ... Miss Ellis. British Red Cross Society Miss M. A. Battye. Victoria Hospital Miss White. Ex-officio Members Dr. Leslie McCarthy (Medical Officer of Health). Dr. W. J. Fenton (Tuberculosis Officer). Miss M. Brown (Sanitary Inspector). Hon. Secretary Miss M. B. Streatfeild, Chelsea Tuber - culosis Dispensary, Brompton Hospital, S.W. The duties of the Committee include enquiries into the economic position of the family of a patient suffering from tuberculosis as soon as the patient comes within the purview of the Tuberculosis Scheme. The Committee endeavours to ensure that as far as possible there shall be no difficulties to prevent the patient from carrying out the recommen - dations made by the Dispensary. Such advice and assistance is given as the circumstances of the case dictate, e.g., assistance in the provision, where necessary, of clothing required by the institution to which the patient is sent ; pocket money; arrangements for the welfare of the family during absence of the father or mother ; the securing of auxiliaries for domiciliary treatment which cannot be provided without charitable assistance, provision of extra nourishment and advising the Borough Council as to the extent to which assistance in this respect should be given ; the rectification of unsatisfactory home conditions. The Committee also endeavours on the cessation of treatment to obtain suitable employ - ment for the patient. The Care Committee meetings are held monthly at the Town Hall. Meetings of Committee 6 Cases considered 127 Cases reported admitted to L.C.C. Institutions 81 Dental treatment given through Borough Council Scheme 4 Extra nourishment given through Borough Council Scheme 25 Extra nourishment given through other agencies 16 Other assistance given 67 Children boarded out through the L.C.C. Contact Scheme - Convalescence arranged 2 Patients' voluntary contributions towards the cost of Institutional treatment collected on behalf of the L.C.C. £23. 5s. 