151 THE LONDON WATER SUPPLY BY E. G. Simmonds, j.p. represented deptford on the metropolitan water board over 14 years. Chairman—The Appeal and Assessment Committee. Member—The General Purposes Committee. Do. Law and Parliamentary Committee. Do. Staff Committee. Do. Estates Committee. Do. Special Committee. In the Church of St. Andrew Undershaft, Leadenhall Street, there is a monument to John Stow, who was born in the year 1525, and died in the year 1605 at the age of 80. He is shown on his monument sitting at a table writing with a quill pen. He commenced his working life as a tailor, and at the age of 40 abandoned it for antiquarian pursuits, which only brought him want and beggary. In his old age, after he had spent all the powers of his mind and all his worldly goods in the service of his country, he was awarded by his Sovereign, James I, with his royal licence to beg. To-day his admirers visit his tomb to do him honour, and from time to time renew the quill pen in his hand. Of his numerous and monumental works the best-known to-day is his " Survey of London under Elizabeth,'' written in the year 1598. In that work he gives the following account of the water supply of London at that date:— "Anciently, until the Conqueror's time, and two hundred years after, the City of London was watered, besides the famous river of Thames on the south part, with the river of Wells, as it was then called, on the west; with the water called Wallbrook running through the midst of the City in the river of Thames, serving the heart thereof ; and with a fourth water or bourn, which ran within the City through Langbourne Ward, watering that part in the east. In the west suburbs was also another great water, called Oldbourne, which had its fall into the river of Wells ; then were there three principal fountains, or wells, in the other suburbs: to wit, Holy Well, Clement's Well, and Clerk's Well. Near unto this last-named fountain were divers other wells, to wit, Skinner's Well, Fags' Well, Tode Well, Loder's Well and Radwell. All of which said wells, having the fall of 