96 3. "G.P. 36" which is the form for use when the practitioner is sending a quarterly report on a case on domiciliary treatment. In December, 1923, the Ministry of Health issued a Memorandum re Co-operation between the Tuberculosis Officer and Insurance Practitioners giving 6 model forms for use by the Tuberculosis Officer. With slight modification these cards are now in use. The number has been reduced to 4 by combining certain items of four cards on two, and the original forms were altered to allow of the insertion of a diagram shewing chest signs. One card is used in reply to a doctor who sends a case for opinion and informs him if the case is considered tubercular or not, or whether a period of observation is necessary to decide, and gives proposals for treatment if considered tubercular. A second card is used with regard to condition, with proposals in the case of a person who has been under observation or supervision. A third card is used to give report and recommendation about a patient who has just returned from a period of Institutional Treatment. When a patient is recommended from Dispensary for Domiciliary Treatment, the doctor is asked to send a report in 3 months time. As there is difficulty in many cases in getting these reports, patients placed on Domiciliary Treatment are, as a rule, asked to attend quarterly at the Dispensary. The fourth card is used to acknowledge receipt of a report from the doctor on G.P. 36, stating that his recommendations have been noted and recommendation made for the future. In June 1923, the Ministry of Health issued a circular on the subject of co-operation between the Boards of Guardians and the Local Authorities' Tuberculosis Officers re Poor Law Cases of Tuberculosis. As a result of this it was arranged in the Borough that the Tuber - culosis Officer should visit weekly at the Greenwich and Deptford Hospital to see all Deptford patients who were in the hospital for Tuberculosis. There are advantages in this inasmuch as some cases are seen earlier by the Tuberculosis Officer than they otherwise would be, and dispensary cases who go there for treatment can be observed as regards their progress. 