71 Disinfestation. The female shelter attendant is also employed in connection with the work of the Cleansing Station. In 1922, the London County Council entered into an arrangement with the Borough Council for the use of the Station on specified days during the school year for the purpose of cleansing the heads of verminous school children. Under the L.C.C. Scheme, the work of cleansing is supervised by the school nurses, who also make all arrangements for the attendances of the children. The children cleansed are those attending schools situated west of a line running down the centre of Sydney Street and Oakley Street. The Borough Council' receives payment from the London County Council at the rate of 2s. per child attendance. During the year, the Station was opened for the entire day on 86 occasions. The amount recoverable from the London County Council, as the School Authority, for the cleansing for the year is £ 54. 7s. Seventy-fivr adults (induding 17military eases) were cleansed at the Station. (b) TUBERCULOSIS. This part of the report deals with the work of the Department under the Public Health (Tuberculosis) Regulations, 1930, and under the Dispensary scheme approved by the Ministry of Health and the London County Council. The latter contribute 25 per cent, of the nett expenditure of that scheme. Staff.—The staff of the Dispensary is set out on pages 5-6. Notifications.—The total number of notifications received was 57 but 3 of these related to cases which had been previously notified, so that the total number of new notifications was 6ft. In the previous year, the corresponding number was 80 The notifications received on forms I. and II., i.e., notifications from institutions regarding admission and discharge, are not included in the foregoing figures. In Table No. 50 are shown, in the form required by the Ministry of Health, the detailed figures relating to new cases and mortality during the year. Included in this Table are 36 new cases which came to the knowledge of the Medical 