95 A competent shorthand typist, to deal with correspondence and assist generally, is needed for the proper carrying out of the work, and to give others more time for their own particular sphere. Re Tuberculosis Care Work. Up to 1922 the work of Secretary of the Tuberculosis Care Committee was carried out by a voluntary Secretary, Mrs. Monk, (now the Chairman of the Care Committee), who was deeply interested, and laid such an excellent foundation. The work grew to such an extent and required so much visiting of homes and correspondence, that in 1922, a whole-time paid secretary was appointed and carried out the duties till, owing to ill-health, she resigned in 1924, and the present secretary, Miss Lewellin was appointed. Miss Lewellin has had extensive experience of this kind of work, as previous to her appoint - ment she had been in charge of the Widows and Orphans Section of the Ministry of Pensions in this area. A report on the work for the year is appended. Note on Co-operation with Practitioners. When a Notification of Tuberculosis is received, the doctor is written to re examination of contacts. Unless he replies that he proposes to examine these himself, the Tuberculosis Visitor, on calling at the home, urges the attendance of the contacts at Dispensary For examination. If it is not clear from her enquiries that the doctor wishes the case to be seen by the Tuberculosis Officer he is sent a communication asking him if he wishes to consult with the Tuberculosis Officer as to the form of treatment suitable, or wishes the case to be seen by the Tuberculosis Officer at Dispensary or at patient's home if too ill to attend. In the case of Insured persons 3 forms exist for use by the Panel Doctor. 1. "G.P. 35" when the doctor refers a case to the Tuberculosis Officer as a suspected case for opinion. The use of this form is not obligatory, and it is seldom used though it would be very helpful. 2. "G.P. 17" for use when a case is first diagnosed as suffering from Tuberculosis and is referred to the Tuberculosis Officer. This form also is seldom used. 