29 examinations at the Town Hall and antiseptic lozenges are also given there, after the examination, free of charge. Certificates to return to school or to work are also given without fee by the Medical Officer. Sometimes such contacts have the disease without knowing it. Therefore, do not delay in seeing the family doctor or the Medical Officer any morning (except Sunday) between 10 and 11 a.m., at the Town Hall. Sterilise by boiling all eating and drinking utensils such as cups and saucers, plates, tumblers, jugs, knives and spoons, and give the house a thorough cleaning after disinfection. All library books should be handed over to the disinfectors or brought to the Town Hall for disinfection. CHARLES S. THOMSON, Medical Officer of Health. Public Health Department, Deptford Town Hall, New Cross, S.E.14. The London County Council officers have helped us throughout the year by sending medical officers and nurses to examine contacts in the schools. Though valuable time and much trouble have been given and taken respectively alike by the Borough and County officers, I am satisfied as I have explained above that our methods are somewhat obsolete. Scarlet Fever. 1921 951 1922 547 1923 349 1924 291 1925 310 Relatively speaking, 1925 was a normal year for scarlet fever in the Borough. The mildness of the disease to-day increases the difficulty of the diagnosis. The question of the Milne treatment was raised, reported on and dropped. The line of advance in respect of scarlet fever lies in a different direction. It is now quite possible to diagnose scarlet fever with almost a hundred per cent. of accuracy. If a minute dose of diluted scarlet fever Streptococcus anti-toxin is injected into (not under) the skin, this, in a true case of scarlet fever, will produce a marked blanching effect, extending over an area of one or two centi - metres in diameter. In a true case of scarlet fever the red rash is blotted out all round the point of injection of the anti-toxin in from six to twelve hours. Right throughout the disease this blanched area persists. 