118 A caretaker was put in charge for the time being, and directions were given for the Medical Officer to receive applications on behalf of the ladies Sub-Committee, so that the latter might consider the fee to to be charged on the merits of each case. Close touch was kept with the Ministry of Health who sanctioned loans for altering and equipping the Home. The Ministry's Officials came and inspected the building and expressed their approval. A Rota of the ladies Sub-Committee was appointed to inspect the Home—each couple to act for a month.' The visiting days decided upon were Sunday, from 2 to 4 p.m., and Wednesday, from 5 to 7 p.m., and the number of visitors in any one day to a patient was limited to two. In July, 1921, the Council decided to accept payment of fees by instalments, the same to be paid to Health Visitors at the Clinics; here it may be mentioned that this policy was changed in the light of experience, and fees are now paid before entering the Home. The wards were named, " Louise " Ward, after H.R.H. Princess Louise ; " Grace " Ward, after the Mayoress; and " Beatrice" Ward, after the Chairman of the Committee. One of the first purchases was 12 sets of babies' clothing. It was agreed that applications from Deptford expectant mothers should receive priority over those coming from outside the Borough, an arrangement which holds good to-day. It may be suggested by the reader that all this is historical and of little interest, but it is well that a record should be made so that future generations may look back with interest and respect upon the memories of those who thought no detail too trivial, to the end that the fullest possible provision might be made for womankind at a serious crisis in their lives. The old records, the Minutes, are not without joy to any with a sense of humour, thus the Cemetery Committee was invited to " maintain the garden " at the rear of the Home. Can it be wondered that the gentlemen comprising this Commitree, used as they were to giving reverend and sympathetic attention to last obsequies, should gravely ponder over a message from the recently-born Maternity Committee ? Maintain the garden ! What could it mean ? The Cemetery Committee sought enlightenment and were duly informed that this maintaining the garden meant " keeping the garden in a decent condition." The Medical Officer was requested to report on the system of rationing patients and staff in the Home. 