100 Four hundred and forty-nine visits were made by the 46 patients. Extractions numbered 224 ; Fillings 24, the balance being made up with Scalings, Gum Treatment, Dressings, etc. The arrangements for treating non-pulmonary tuberculosis, especially tuberculosis of bones and joints in adults and in children, and for the provision of surgical apparatus :— Through the County Council cases of surgical tuberculosis are removed chiefly to Carshalton, one of the Metropolitan Asylum's Board Institutions. The Invalid Children's Aid Association play their role. Finding Employment for Patients :— The Care Committee and the Labour Exchange co-operate, but in this, as in private efforts, the results are disappointing. Provision of Shelters :— Four are provided and are kept in constant use throughout the year. Special methods proposed for the prevention of T.B.:— The answer to this question is that as we pull down slums, particularly in the East End, and provide accommodation for the many who are overcrowded, so may we hope to reduce the incidence of Tuberculosis. Report of Miss Lewellin, Secretary of the Tuberculosis Care Committee. The Tuberculosis Care Committee, as is probably known, consists of representatives of public and social agencies in the borough. The very fact that such a Committee exists is valuable from more than one point of view. For one thing it means that a body of experienced men and women are in a position to know and talk with authority about the effects of tuberculosis on the lives and in the homes of those suffering from this disease. This is a different and more human knowledge than can be obtained from mere statistics, it brings a realization of the un - happiness and misery caused, implants a sense of responsibility and an earnest desire to think of ways and means to at least alleviate the sufferings of those already striken, and to prevent the spread of the disease. The work of the Committee, lying chiefly in the home, makes obvious the fact that to an extent social and economic causes are responsible for much of the trouble—armed with this knowledge an active Care Committee can do much to assist the great work of 