54 Since the war, the economic situation and other factors, particularly the shortage of and greatly increased cost of building land in Chelsea have rendered an already difficult situation still more difficult. The Housing Committee of the Borough Council has been actively engaged in investigating possible sites in connection with further housing schemes and from time to time various schemes have been formulated by the Council and submitted to the Ministry of Health for approval. Of the schemes prepared and submitted to the Ministry, five have fortunately material - ised, approval of the others not being obtained on the ground that the cost of the land was much higher than the price the Ministry could sanction for the purchase of land to be used for the erection of buildings to house the working classes. These buildings are now fully occupied. Details of each approved scheme arc shown in table No. 38 (Page 57). Reviewing the history of the past 40 years, it would appear that the housing policy of the Borough Council has been firstly to preserve, where possible, in areas threatened with demolition, such working class accommodation as was of reasonably good type ; and secondly, to provide accommodation by means of new buildings in an accessible situation within the Borough for those persons of the working class who are average representatives of their class, and for whom the necessities of their trade or calling render residence within the Borough desirable or necessary. It cannot be disputed that at the present time in Chelsea, as in other Metropolitan Boroughs, there is considerable dearth of accommodation both for the working classes, and for the classes in receipt of small salaries or earnings, and that, as elsewhere, this situation is primarily due to the restrictions imposed upon the building trades during the war and the economic disturbances which have succeeded it. It will, however, be evident from the details already given that the existing shortage of housing accommodation in Chelsea is being most adequately dealt with and that the extremely difficult problems which confronted the Borough Council subsequent to the war arc gradually being overcome. Overcrowding.—During the period* 1st November—4th December, 1935, a Survey of Working Class dwelling houses in the Borough was carried out in accordance with the requirements of Part 1, section 1, of the Housing Act, 1935. The total number of houses dealt with and recorded was 5,112. The total number of families comprised in the enumeration was 8,490, and judged by the standard laid down in the Housing Act, 1935,749 of these families were found to be living in over - crowded conditions—a percentage of 8.78 for the Borough as a whole. The problem of abating overcrowding is receiving close consideration by a Special Committee of the Council. Many cases when approached as to the desirability of having their names submitted to the County Council,with a view to provision of housing on one of the Council's Estates, declinc to consider the proposition, on the ground that the distance of the County Council's Estates from their work is too great. Others have become attached to the district and will not contemplate forsaking existing interests and associations. Owing to the extreme difficulty of finding alternative accommodation it has not been found practicable to deal 