155 in these districts. The Company's area of supply was thus extended to cover an area of about 178 square miles, of which about 30 are within the County of London. The original works were situated on the bank of the Ravensbourne and consisted of a pump worked by a water wheel. In 1857 the water of the Ravensbourne was insufficient, and a deep well was sunk in the chalk. New wells have been sunk as occasion required. Later the whole of the water supplied by the Kent Company was obtained from deep wells thus obviating the necessity of filtration. The area supplied by this Company extended from Deptford to Swanscombe, Chislehurst, Westerham, Knockholt, Eynsford and Southfleet. The Southwark and Vauxhall Company was the amalgamation of two Companies called the Southwark and the Vauxhall Company. The Southwark Company had taken over part of the London Bridge Company's area supplied from the Thames by a wheel in one of the arches of London Bridge, placed there in 1767 for the supply of Southwark. The area of supply was Bermondsey, Rotherhithe, Battersea, Barnes, Kew, Roehampton, Wandsworth, Clapham, and Camberwell. The supply was taken from the Thames. In 1852 an important Act of Parliament was passed which required all Companies supplying the Metropolis to filter the water taken from any source other than wells, and to provide covered reservoirs for all filtered water. Under the same Act Companies taking water from the Thames were not allowed to take a supply from the river lower than Teddington Lock. Thames Drinking Water. At the beginning of last century, water was drawn from the Thames for domestic use as low down as London Bridge and was delivered to consumers without filtration of any kind. The Thames at that time was the common sewer of London. There were no less than 145 sewers discharging their contents into the river above the intake for the supply for domestic purposes to a considerable part of the City. The supply to the Metropolis was the subject of numerous inquiries in Parliament during the latter half of last century. Several bills were brought before the House for the purchase or control of the water companies, but it was not until 1902 that the Metropolis Water Act was passed which constituted the present Metropolitan Water Board. The Board as constituted under that Act 