132 dirty in their habits, and frequently the streets, though washed and scavenged in the morning, are littered in the afternoon. These streets are narrow and the backyards are mean. The sanitary inspector for this district has instructions to exercise the most rigid supervision over the general cleanliness of the backyards and such open spaces as exist. To promote public health in this district it is desirable that there should be a twice-weekly collection of refuse. The same recommen - dation applies to the Besson—Kender—Pomeroy Streets sector of the borough, though in this latter area it is diphtheria and not summer diarrhoea which engages attention. Further, the dust carts should be covered over with a canvas or other covering. In the following streets the road surfaces are slightly in disrepair: Bronze Street, Frankham Street, Addey Street, Dugald Street, Ffinch Street, Hyde Street, Hales Street, Reginald Road. Crossfield Street and Hamilton Street are in urgent need of relaying. These matters, of course, pertain to the Borough Surveyor's Department and the Works Committee, to whom praise is due for the improvement in past years, which has helped to reduce the infant and general mortality rates. In the month of June leaflets on the fly, its dangers, and means whereby its breeding can be prevented and the means whereby its destruction can be encompassed, are widely disseminated throughout the borough. Breast feeding, of course, is continually advocated ; it is the bottle - fed baby which suffers most from the disease we are now considering. We advise dried milk as opposed to " wet " milk in all cases where the home surroundings are questionable. The occurrence of a case is the signal for an immediate visit by the health visitor of the district concerned. The steps taken by her are dependent upon the class, as outlined in the following list of instructions:— Zymotic Enteritis or Summer Diarrhæa. Where a case is notified, the Health Visitor will visit, taking with her (l) The Epidemic Diarrhcea Enquiry Card; (2) A bottle of disin - fectant from the office ; (3) The leaflet on Treatment. Enquiry should be made so as to define to which of the following classes the case belongs :— 1. Doctor in attendance and nursing assistance from the Council not needed. 