28 NATIONAL HEALTH INSURANCE. The work of a Sanitary Authority has no direct relation to this service, but wherever co-operation is possible such assistance is freely rendered by the Public Health Department. It is mainly in cases of tuberculosis under treatment in hospitals and institutions, that arrangements are necessary in connection with payment of benefits under the Health Insurance Acts. These arrangements are made by the Tuberculosis Care Committee and the staff of the Tuberculosis Dispensary, in conjunction with the appropriate officials of the Health Insurance Service. LABORATORY FACILITIES. Analysis of Food and Drugs.—The detailed results of analyses made during the year will be found appended to this report. Bacteriological Examinations.—Routine bacteriological examina - tions are carried out at the Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine. Special investigations for the Ante-natal Clinic are carried out at St. George's Hospital, S.W.1. Arrangements have also been made with the Clinical Research Associa - tion for the bacteriological examination of samples of milk under the Milk (Special Designations) Order. Seven specimens were submitted during the year. In cases of suspected bacterial food poisoning, samples of the supposed peccant food, samples of blood, etc., from sufferers, and post-mortem materials from fatal cases are transmitted to the laboratory of the Ministry of Health for examination and report. The number of bacteriological, bacterioscopic and other examina - tions carried out during the year was 85. Of these, 59 were for the bacillus associated with Diphtheria. 13 for the bacillus associated with Tuberculosis, 2 for the bacillus associated with Enteric Fever and 2 investigations of milk on delivery. In addition, 2 specimens of the water at the Public Baths were submitted for examination. The total cost of these services to the Borough Council was £19. 2s. 10d The total number of bacteriological examinations during the preceding year was 278 Anti-toxin.—Diphtheria anti-toxin is available at the Town Hall daily during office hours. It may also be obtained at the premises of Messrs. Timmis and Richards, 432, King's Road, S.W., at any hour, day or night. It is supplied free of charge, both in prophylactic and in curative doses, to medical practitioners for use in connection with patients resident in Chelsea. The amount supplied during the year was nil. 