124 Dp. Hill's Report on the Ante-Natal Clinic for 1925. 1. Total number of cases examined was 588 ; of these 480 were new cases, and 108 had attended previously in 1924. 2. Total number of re-visits paid by these patients was 1,680. 3. Making the total number of attendances 2,268. 4. Number of patients visited ante-natally in their own homes by the Health Visitors, 413. 5. Number of patients admitted to Maternity Home, 254. 11 patients delivered at the Maternity Home required instruments, and all these were delivered by Dr. Hill. Doctors on the rota were called in four times, twice to give anaesthetics, once for consultation, and once for a case of post-partum haemorrhage. The services of the specialist, Dr. Gilliatt, were only required for 1 patient during the year, and she was transferred immediately to King's College Hospital. Seven patients were sent from the ante-natal clinic to see Dr. Gilliatt, at King's College Hospital. Total number of patients referred to hospitals from the ante-natal clinic 40 Number of cases referred to private doctors for treatment 7 Number of cases referred to the Tuberculosis Officer 7 Number of letters written to midwives about their patients 12 Number of letters written to doctors about patients 11 Number of patients found to be quite normal 136 Number of patients suffering from dental caries but otherwise quite normal 72 Number of patients suffering from dental caries in addition to other defects 67 Total number of cases of dental caries 139 This shows an improvement upon last year's figures as the propor - tion of the total number of mothers requiring dental treatment is less than 24 per cent, as against 30 per cent. in 1924. A good number of patients still have to be advised to seek treatment either at Guy's Hospital Dental Clinic or at the Miller General Hospital, as it is not possible for all to be treated by the Council's dentist. Patients examined and found to be not pregnant 21 Patients examined post natally 10 The ante-natal clinic is now held on three mornings weekly, the Tuesday morning session being reserved for new patients. On Wednesdays and Thursdays the mothers attend by appointment, those 