3 comprising many houses, a Public Enquiry was held, presided over by a representative of the Ministry of Health. I understand that the plans of the County Council are well in hand and that this area will soon be demolished. And now we have to consider (c) "any further action of importance contemplated by the Local Authority or considered desirable by the Medical Officer of Health." Yes, there is one serious matter requiring attention—the demolition of some 3,000 houses, principally in the East End, and the provision of say 2,000 houses apart altogether from the provision which would be required for those displaced as above. It is no use blinking at the facts, we are suffering badly from overcrowding. Families are living crowded together in conditions of discomfort. Others families again are living two and three families in one house. Where privacy is awanting, happiness must be at a discount. Deptford's problem is a housing one. In the course of the report I have given instances of overcrowding that would melt the heart of an optimist. All this over - crowding adds to our labours in the fight against disease. Diphtheria, for example, gives trouble: I examined over 1,000 contacts during the past year. Ample instructions, throat swabs and following up have helped, but any observer can see that it is not in the comfortably housed portion of the borough that our cases occur. It is true, as I have pointed out to the Public Health Committee, that if we followed the example of Edinburgh, Aberdeen and Newport, where the Shick test is now in operation, we could cut down the incidence of diphtheria. I must emphasise that it is only in this way, as things are at present, we can hope to limit the number of cases. At present, in co-operation with the County Council, we are sending "carriers" to a special clinic at Guy's Hospital, where it may be that oro-nasal work may help to dislodge the pertinacious virulent germ from the crypts of the throat and nose. The constant kindness which I have received from your Council makes me hesitate before mentioning one further point, but it is evident that this should be mentioned under section (c). If and when financial circumstances permit, perhaps it might be possible to give a little consideration to the size of my clerical staff compared with the staffs in the Health departments of other metropolitan boroughs. I feel sure that action taken as a result of such comparison would add to the efficiency of your Health department. 