101 dealing with this scourge. Conferences held periodically provide an opportunity for suggestions, and persistent and urgent recommendations of Care Committees receive the consideration of Public bodies, with whom lies the responsibility of dealing with and treating tuberculosis. To new readers may I point out that the report submitted in 1924 outlines in detail the work of the Care Committee, and can be referred to. It would be wearisome for those who have read it to repeat this. The work varies little in character from year to year : the main idea being to help patients in any and every way possible. This year as will be noticed by the Dispensary returns 217 cases have been recommended for treatment: each case has been visited by the Care Committee representative. Intimacy has been established, and tactful enquiries made to ascertain if assistance was necessary. In a large number of cases clothing has been obtained, and other forms of help, if required, thus enabling patients to go away with an easy mind, and the feeling that those left behind can, in trouble or difficulty, apply to the Care Committee for advice. The larger proportion of these cases are new ones, the patient going away for the first time, this means that our circle has become enlarged. New features of the work arise and more become possible as time goes on. This past year for instance a scheme for boarding-out children living in infected homes under bad conditions was brought forward by the London County Council, the scheme to be on trial for one year from March, 1925. Cases were at first limited to homes where a member of the family was in an advanced and infectious state. The number put forward for consideration was 26, which were accepted by the County Council. In three cases parents withdrew their consent after acceptance. In two cases children were found unsuitable for placing, leaving 21 actually placed. Of the 21, nine were boarded out to enable the mother to leave home to undergo residential treatment. Two were boarded out after treatment under the London County Council, in view of home conditions. Ten were boarded out as contacts of tubercular patients living at home. Deptford has taken full advantage of this scheme—which has been found particularly useful in cases where the Mother has been ordered Sanatorium treatment, and would have been unable to accept if provision could not have been made for the children during her absence. The homes for the children are provided by the I.C.A.A. working in co - operation with the Borough Council and London County Council. 