94 observation, a further report is necessary when a definite opinion is arrived at. If a diagnosis of active tuberculosis requiring say, Sanatorium treatment is arrived at, a detailed report with recommendation is sent to the London County Council. The patient is referred to the Secretary of the Care Committee who may have to refer him to the Red Cross Society, the Guardians, the Charity Organisation Society or other body for assistance for himself or family during his period of incapacity for work, or the L.C.C. may have to be approached on the question of boarding out of children, etc. Details of the case have to be entered in the Dispensary register, giving diagnosis and classifica - tion and an entry made in a diary as to date when next attendance is due. A separate card index for classifaction is now kept, and cases are to be reclassified at the end of each year. If the patient is insured, entry is made on a further card index register for patients put on Domicilary Treatment, and this has to be kept up-to-date re reports received or. required from the local doctor. If reports are not received, a form with patient's name, etc., has to be sent to the doctor when due. The Ministry of Pensions may require a detailed report on the condition of the patient, and later on if he is granted a pension and is on treatment, quarterly reports are required as long as he is as a matter of treatment considered unfit for work. If the patient is sent to a Sanatorium a full report is sent to his doctor on discharge when he goes on Domiciliary Treatment. Sub - sequently short reports are required yearly by the L.C.C. on the patient's condition. In addition to the above the case has to be notified to the Medical Officer of Health, and a register of Notified Cases kept and classified according to whether the disease is Pulmonary or Non-Pulmonary, and the age and sex of the patients. In this register are entered all particulars about the patient and his home conditions with notes re admission and discharges from Institutions, subsequent home visits, etc. It must be kept up to date and a quarterly return made of new additions and removals. If the case is notified by a Practitioner, he is sent a communication re examination of contacts, and, where necessary, another as to whether or not he desires the case to be seen by the Tuberculosis Officer. All this requires much copying, filing, noting and letter writing. At present several people must use the filing arrangements; one person should be responsible for a file. The present system allows of the shifting of responsibility for errors or papers missing. 