52 HOUSING CONDITIONS IN THE BOROUGH. General Observations.— It is difficult to discuss the subject of housing in Chelsea without some understanding of the peculiar con - ditions which appertain to the district. Probably in few London boroughs have there been so many altera - tions, consequent on demolitions and reconstructions, during the past 40 years, as in Chelsea. The process of reconstruction is still in progress, though largely suspended by the operation of the Rent Restrictions Acts. The developments which have taken place have arisen from the fact that a very considerable proportion of Chelsea is comprised within the areas of two large estates—the Cadogan Estate and the Sloane Stanley Estate. Many of the building leases on these estates were granted early in the 19th century and a large number have already expired. A certain proportion of demolition of small property has been due to the acquisition of land by large trading corporations. Owing to the proximity of the eastern boundary of the Borough to Hyde Park and Belgravia, and to the attractiveness of the Embankment forming the southern boundary, residential values in these neighbour - hoods have greatly appreciated in recent years, the price of land has been correspondingly increased, and the old type of small house, accom - modating the small trader and the artizan or labourer, has been replaced by modern houses and mansions let in flats commanding high rents. The process of development has been largely in the hands of Estate Companies, who have purchased the reversionary interests of the ground landlords, and proceeded to carry out the demolitions and reconstructions as soon as the property came into their possession. Until subsequent to the War, no restriction operated, nor did any liability attach to Estate Companies conducting operations of this nature, to make any provision for rehousing the working classes displaced. Despite the difficulties of the problem, in Chelsea a considerable amount of accommodation had been provided for the working classes during the years preceding the outbreak of War. This had been effected by municipal undertakings, by private enterprise and by the operation of benevolent agencies and trusts. Sufficiency of Supply of Houses.—Municipal undertakings for the housing of the working classes carried out by the Borough Council prior to 1914 are shown in Table No. 36:— 