136 Soap Works, Wapping, London, E. 1, one with a library of films, magic lantern slides, charts, literature and even experienced lecturers available for Health Weeks, Educational and Welfare Authorities, in the provinces as well as in London. Briefly, this firm has an hygienic screen, a little folding exhibit fitted with a small shelf carrying specimens of the products they manufacture, and having space for posters, placards, charts, mouth hygiene mottoes, etc. Samples of tooth powder, tooth paste and literature are given away in profusion. There are large charts measuring 28 ins. by 32 ins. for blackboard use, and a typed lecturette is sent with these if required. Smaller charts can be obtained showing the lower jaw, structure of a tooth, development of a tooth, decay in teeth, the upper jaw, teeth that go and teeth that stay, etc. Films should be given each evening, say from 6.30 or 7 until 7.30. just before the big evening lecture. Films are of two kinds, "flam" (celluloid) and " non flam." Communicate in July with the authority in London (the County Council) whose sanction is necessary for the use of cinema films. Disappointment and inconvenience may be caused at the eleventh hour if a good " flam" film has been booked and permission for its use is withheld. Another point about films. Some firms may send a " non-flam " film but may not provide the apparatus or the operator. Most big health exhibitions have short films from two or more sources. Take early steps therefore to arrange with the firms so that an operator with apparatus from one source can supply all the films. "The Ivory Castle" film is an artistic production of a very high order. The ivory castles are, of course, the teeth. Another good teeth film is "A Fight in Fairyland." Organisers who commence business a month before Health Week is due will not stand much chance of securing a film. A Milk Stall can make a good appeal. Endeavour to engage a firm licensed to sell Certified or Grade A (tuberculin tested) milk. This will teach the public to appreciate the desirability of having all milk sold in bottles. The price of Certified Grade A milk, as a whole, is prohibitive for most people, but even if a divine discontent with the present public supply is created, this will be something gained. This stall should display a household pasteuriser, and the presence of peg-topped pails, curry combs, modern churns and score cards, will 