63 be above the normal number. The food supplied in such small shops is of a wholesome character. The kitchens of the larger premises require close inspection. Fried fish shops and fish-curing premises.—The general condition of these premises is fairly satisfactory. The placing of the offal immediately in the tins supplied by the contractors and keeping it covered is important; also, the condition of the tins requires frequent examination. This is particularly important during the summer months. Bakehouses.—The condition of bakehouses has been generally good throughout the year, and very little difficulty has been experienced in getting the bi-annual cleansing carried out. I may point out one matter which is not satisfactory, i.e., the removal of refuse. This should be done more frequently—say three times a week. Another improvement would be the more frequent substitution of paint for the ceilings : the limewashing of ceilings leads to flakes peeling off and falling on the lower benches. The introduction of more mixing machinery (for eggs, etc.) has, I think, greatly benefited the public and the trade. Slaughterhouses.—The bye-laws applicable to these premises entail a good deal of burden on the proprietors, but still they are carried out with goodwill. The Public Health (Meat) regulations have been met. Offensive trades.—These premises have been kept in good order, and the old-time nuisance from offensive effluvia seems to be almost a thing of the past. Better methods have been adopted. I had no complaint during the year. Factories. The number of factories on the register at the end of the year was 242, made up as follows:—Factory Laundries 3, Factory Bakehouses 17, other Factories 222. Other Factories include Offensive Businesses 2, Food Premises 22. The number of Factories shows a net increase of 11. Number of visits paid 427. Workshops. The number of Workshops on the register at the end of the year was 157, made up as follows: Workshop Laundries 4, Workshop Bakehouses 34, other Workshops 119. Number of visits paid 404. 