98 the lines of the Grancher system in Paris—the removal at birth of children from homes with cases of tuberculosis—offers the best means of prevention. It has been shewn that during the first year of life if infection occurs, it is likely to result in acute or sub-acute disease proving fatal in nearly all cases. The danger is, of course, particularly great where the mother is suffering from Pulmonary Tuberculosis, and some statistics have shewn that three quarters of the children born during the last year of life of tuberculous mothers die. In a series of 787 children born or living in 175 families, one or more of whom were tuberculosis 323 were placed in the country and did well, 396 were not removed, and of them 328 developed tuberculosis. These and similar figures published recently giving further results of this system in Paris shew the immense importance of removing children at once from Tuberculous parents. The removal should be for the first two years of life, as by this time the child will probably through unavoidable but small doses of infection have acquired a considerable resistance to further infection and disease. Yours faithfully, N. M. Donnelly, Tuberculosis Officer. Public Health (Prevention of Tuberculosis) Regulations, 1925. These Regulations came into operation on the 31st July, 1925, with the object of preventing anyone suffering from tuberculosis of the respiratory tract in an infectious state, from handling milk. Until the passing of these Regulations no steps could be taken against anyone so employed. Section 3.—Calls upon the local authority to enforce the Regulations and to that end to make enquiries and take such steps as may be deemed necessary for securing their due observance in the district. Section 4.—Forbids anyone who is aware that he is suffering from tuberculosis of the respiratory tract from entering upon any employ - ment or occupation in connection with a dairy which would involve the milking of cows, the treatment of milk, or the handling of vessels used for containing milk. Section 5.—Enables the local authority to forbid anyone so affected (Pulmonary tuberculosis with a positive sputum) from continuing the occupation. 