58 SECTION V.— INSPECTION AND SUPERVISION OF FOOD. Milk Supply.—In accordance with statutory enactments, the Council keeps a register of persons carrying on the trade of dairymen or purveyors of milk and no person is permitted to carry on the trade in the Borough unless he is registered. The Council is empowered to remove the name from or refuse to enter upon the register the name of any person selling or proposing to sell milk on premises which are for any reason unsuitable for the purpose. The Milk and Dairies (Amendment) Act, 1922, further empowers the Council to refuse to enter the name of any person in the Register, or to remove the name of any person from that Register, if it is shown to the Council's satisfaction that the public health is or is likely to be endangered by any act or default of such person in relation to the quality, storage or distribution of milk. The premises at which registered purveyors of milk carry on their business have been subject to frequent inspection. During the year one application was made for registration as purveyors of milk, which, after appropriate investigation, was approved by the Council. In Table No. 33 (page 46) is shown the alterations which took place in the Register of Milk Purveyors during the year. During the year there were 95 inspections of dairies and milkshops made in the Borough. Notice was served requiring remedy of defects found on one of the premises visited. There are no cowsheds in the district. Milk (Special Designations) Order, 1936 and 1938.—The following Table, No. 39, shows the number of licences granted for the sale of milk under the special designations prescribed by the Order. There were 28 applications from 12 retailers under the Milk (Special Designations) Order for licences to sell special grades of milk. All these licences were granted. In each case the licence was granted for the purpose of authorising the dealer to sell specially designated milk from shops within the Borough. No application has been made for a licence giving authority to set up bottling or pasteurising establishments in the Borough. 