133 Such cases are rare in Deptford. In these, the Health Visitor's duties are limited to filling the Enquiry Card, leaving disinfectant and advising as to the preventive aspects, e.g., hands to be washed after touching soiled napkins, and the latter to be put in disinfectant, etc. 2. Doctor in attendance who will treat throughout, but who will welcome nursing assistance through the Council. In such cases the Health Visitor should recommend the case to the Medical Officer of Health for the assistance of a nurse, in addition to carrying out as in (l). 3. Doctor in attendance who wishes the case removed to hospital. The Health Visitor should see the case and, using her judgment, advise either the Greenwich and Deptford Hospital or the M.A.B. Hospital. The M.A.B. now admit certain cases. Hospital treatment (intestinal lavage, etc.) is imperative in any case at all serious or becoming serious. 4. No doctor in attendance. The greatest care is needed in such. Send to hospital if case at all serious. Mild cases might be advised as per leaflet. General. In all cases the completed enquiry cards should be handed forthwith to the Medical Officer of Health. Charles S. Thomson, July, 1926. Medical Officer of Health. The actual or existing causes of summer diarrhoea, as given by the Health Visitors on their enquiry cards are illuminating. The following are some of them :—Chill, dirty dummy, flies, food exposed on dining table instead of in the cupboard, general dirt, verminous, wrong feeding, the pernicious practice of toffee apples, etc. Ice Cream Makers. In September, 1921, the Borough Council urged the compulsory registration of retailers and wholesalers of Ice Cream, and the County Council replied enquiring in what respects the Borough Council con - sidered that the existing powers of local authorities with respect to this commodity were inadequate. A reply was sent to the County Council pointing out that it was impossible to enforce the existing regulations if the local authority was unaware of the extent to which Ice Cream was being manufactured or sold within their area, and that only by means of compulsory 