62 FACTORIES, WORKSHOPS, WORKPLACES, OUTWORKERS, etc. These premises were periodically inspected during the year, special attention being paid to the sanitary accommodation provided for the use of persons employed, Sec. 38 P.H. (L) Act, 1891, etc., also to cleansing, the reception, checking and issuing of outworkers' lists and the keeping of the necessary registers. The outworkers' register entails much work, owing to the constant change of address and to removals. Notes by Mr. Snowdon. The sanitary conveniences in the majority of cases have been fairly well kept, and several new tiers of W.C.s have been provided for each sex. No reports were received from H.M. Inspector of Factories in respect of defects in sanitary accommodation, and this speaks for itself. May I suggest the importance of constant inspection of food factories ; there has, I think, been a tendency to inspect factories more with a view to observing the condition of the sanitary conveniences than to watching the processes of food preparation and manufacture in operation. Such processes, I feel, require constant and close inspection. In this connection I would instance jam factories, where pulp of some rather doubtful origin may be in use. Workshops.—The number of workshops shows a tendency to decrease, particularly in the drapery and millinery trades; other methods seem to have been adopted whereby a considerable proportion of the made-up clothing comes direct from the factory. One shop manager informed me that whereas a few years ago he could sell 100 yards of a certain material he can now hardly sell one. There is a tendency on the part of shopkeepers to reduce their working staffs. Restaurants.—I have found little cause to complain of the general condition and business methods in restaurants. The most important matter here, as in bakehouses, is the question of refuse removal. The small eating house, or coffee shop, has been hit hardly by the changed hours of labour. One shop in pre-war years supplied some 200 cups of tea in the early morning, whereas now 20 cups would 