142 pictures showing infection from expectoration, overcrowding, bad ventilation, poor food, late hours, drink, etc., and the converse—open air, good food, etc. The relationship of flies, manure heaps and lidless dustbins to summer diarrhoea in infants must be emphasised. (e) Municipal Dental Stall. Models of teeth. Models of right and wrong way of keeping tooth brush. Photographs of school dental clinics. Model of school clinic. Samples of wrong food and and their effects on children's teeth. Charts and mottoes. (f) A Tuberculosis Shelter is attractive and instructive. Fix posters to its walls explaining causes as described above. Place a slide of the tubercle bacilli under a microscope and exhibit micro-photo - graphs taken by the super microscope made by Messrs. Davidson & Co., Manufacturing Opticians, 29 Great Portland Street, W. These micro - photographs bring home the story effectively and on a scale which I have not seen before. (g) Sanitary Inspectors' Stall. Models of sanitary fittings obtained from pottery. Diagrams showing dangers of defective and improper sanitary fittings. Make clear the necessity for cleansing sinks and traps. Model or diagram of destructor. Display of disinfectant fluids, powder, soaps and appliances from the Sanitas Co., Ltd., Locksley Street, Limehouse, London, E. (h) Enquiries. Either a small stall or box at which enquiries can be made on all Health subjects, or a letter box with writing materials at hand,.into which enquiries can be dropped to be answered by the Medical Officer of Health in due course. (i) Magazine Stall. Copies of health journals for sale, such as "The Hospital and Health Review," "Maternity and Child Welfare," " National Health," also a few popular editions of books such as " Housing and Public Health (Robertson), (Scurfield), (Scharlieb). A final word on Exhibitions. If your Council will allow it, spend £7 10s. (and £2 for carriage) on the travelling exhibition of the Central Council for Infant and Child Welfare, Carnegie House, 117 Piccadilly, London W. This should be booked nine or twelve months in advance. It is the world's finest exhibition in this line, better even than Deptford's. Decorations for the Hall must be simple and hygienic; avoid draperies and flags. Use screens extensively, obtaining the same from 