26 eventually minimising the disease. I refer to the Schick test. Below I explain this test once again. May it be that this long drawn out anxiety—the hopeless attempt to prevent Diphtheria—will be alleviated by the grant of permission to perform the test described. The causes of Diphtheria as I found them this winter are:— overcrowding; lack of cleanliness; carriers; lack of food. Diphtheria is caused by a germ which is actually sometimes present in the persons throat and nose without causing any harm; in such a state the germ is avirulent—more or less harmless. Something then happens to induce the germ to become virulent. The individual's resistance it may be becomes lowered. Mentally depressed through want of work, herded together with others in the family, poorly fed, sometimes dirty in personal habits, it is easy to see how propinquity leads to interchange of germs from throat to throat; the avirulent germ is stirred up to activity by some germ so transmitted and the soil (throat and health generally) being weak, the now virulent germ proceeds to form membrane. The patient is sent off to hospital and contacts are examined and given antiseptics. Now the difficulty with regard to throat swabbing is this: if one swabbed a contact's throat on Monday, the result might be negative. Swabbed again the next day the result might be positive. Again swabbed on Wednesday the result is negative again. It simply comes to this, that swabbing is of limited value, and the reason is that whereas one day the germ may be accessible, on the next it may be buried in some of the crypts and lacunae of the tonsils. Where we found the germ present, a positive swab, the case could not be sent to hospital unless there were signs that the child had membraneous, clinical diphtheria. It is true that I have sent cases into hospital when I felt that such a "positive" throat was the cause in a family of other cases, but the infectious disease hospitals have surely more to do than receive cases in which there is nothing to be seen in a throat. If a contact is found to have a positive swab and yet presents no clinical evidence of the disease, the only means of determining whether the case should be sent into hospital is by inoculating a guinea pig with an emulsified growth of the germ. If this proves the germ to be malignant, the case should be sent into hospital. With my experience of diphtheria in 1925 in my mind, I have no hesitation in saying that whereas there may be a fall in the incidence of the disease in this, that, or the other year, the Borough will continue to be scourged from time to time with this disease, which it is clearly 