35 AMBULANCE FACILITIES. (a)Infectious Cases.—Under the Public Health(London) Act, persons in London suffering from certain notifiable diseases may be conveyed without payment to a hospital of the London County Council. The London County Council ambulances are also available, on payment, for the conveyance of persons suffering from infectious disease to places elsewhere in the metropolitan area. (b)Non-infectious and Accident Cases.—The efficient ambulance service of the London County Council is available for cases of accident, sudden illness and also for maternity cases. The ambulances of the London County Council may also be utilized, on payment, for the removal of non-infectious cases to hospitals or homes. CLINICS AND TREATMENT CENTRES. (a.) The Violet Melchett Infant Welfare Centre, Flood Walk, S.W.3.—Patroness: Her Majesty Queen Mary. Chairman of Council : Violet, Lady Melchett, D.B.E. Hon. Treasurer : Col. Sir Courtauld Thomson, K.B.E., C.B. Hon. Secretary. Miss M. Bowden-Smith. This Centre, controlled by a Voluntary Council with headquarters in Flood Walk, adjoining the Town Hall, was completed in February, 1931, and formally opened by Her Majesty Queen Mary on 26th March, 1931. The Violet Melchett Infant Welfare Centre maintains the Maternity and Child Welfare services in the Borough and embodies the activities of the Chelsea Health Society, the Chelsea Day Nursery and the Chelsea Mothercraft Home. The magnificent building, with the land on which it stands and a considerable portion of its equipment, was a gift of the late Lord Melchett as a memorial to Lady Melchett's life-long work for Infant Welfare. Three members of the Public Health Committee of the Borough Council and the Medical Officer of Health are members of the Executive Com - mittee. The Violet Melchett Infant Welfare Centre is supported by (1) voluntary contributions (2) an endowment of £500 per annum generously provided by Lady Melchett herself (3) financial grants from the Borough Council. A further source of income arises from the fees paid by pupils and parents. 