79 Special Examinations.- Three hundred and three X-ray examina - tions were made at the dispensary during the year. Orthopaedic Treatment.—In appropriate cases surgical boots and appliances, splints, crutches, spinal carriages and wheeled chairs are supplied through the Invalid Children's Aid Association. Dental Treatment.—With the approval of the Ministry of Health, arrangements have been made with the British Dental Hospital, 235, Hammersmith Road, W., for the provision of adequate dental treatment, including dentures, if necessary, for patients attending the Chelsea Tuberculosis Dispensary. In each case the certificate of the Tuberculosis Officer is required and dental treatment must be shown as necessary to render other treatment more completely efficacious. During the year 4 patients received dental treatment (including two cases for dentures), the Borough Council making a contribution of £8. 17s. 6d. towards the cost. Bacteriological Examinations.—During the year, 84 specimens of sputum were examined in connection with the work of the Dispensary. In addition, 13 specimens were sent by medical practitioners to the Lister Institute for examination. Care Work.—The Chelsea Tuberculosis Care Committee, constituted .on the basis advised by the Ministry of Health in 1922, took over in that year the work of the former Interim Care Committee which had been formed by the Borough Council in 1917. The Committee now includes the following representation and membership:— Chelsea Borough Council Alderman Lady Phipps. London County Council Dr. R. H. Simpson (Divisional Medical Officer). Miss Paddon (District Organiser of School Care Committees). Mrs. E. E. Potton (After-care Committee). Chelsea Invalid Children's Miss B. M. S. Caudwell and Aid Association Miss A. Woodroffe. Public Assistance Mrs. E. Coote. Committee Mrs. L. Fraser. Chelsea Charity Organisation Miss Larken. Society. Chelsea District Nursing Miss N. D. Dixon. Association. Chelsea Health Society Mrs. Melville Miller. Brompton Hospital Miss Marx. Local Panel Committee Dr. M. Cutner. London Insurance Committee Mr. W. E. Fish. Local War Pensions Com- Miss Forbes. mittee and United Services Fund. 