78 "from this department as to the conditions existing on inspection of the "shop or store in question, and also on the results of the analyses of "samples of milk taken by the Food and Drugs Inspectors. "I am directed to hand a copy of this notice to all milksellers, as it "is felt that unless considerable improvements are effected, many "persons will be struck off the Register." The Borough Council is fully alive to the fact that milk should not be regarded as a commodity which can be handled and sold like groceries, and that there is risk in allowing anyone to sell milk who does not fully understand the dangers to which contamination may lead. At the same time the Council has in view that whereas in residential towns or suburbs it is eminently desirable that milk should only be sold from premises devoted entirely to the sale of milk, cream, eggs, etc., a proper dairy centre in fact, the case in Deptford is somewhat different. Here we have quite a number of poor people who are in the habit of going to small shops where they can buy one pennyworth of salt, sugar, pepper, milk and so on. There is, in fact, a tradition, and the Council is resolved in the interests of the public health, to effect a change, but not violently. To do this in a spirit of equity the Borough has been mapped out into blocks : each will be taken in turn and groups of cases will be taken together. This work is now proceeding. There are no cowsheds in Deptford. (i) The examination of milk for tubercle bacilli devolves upon the London County Council. On enquiry it was learned that no milk destined for Deptford had been found to contain tubercle bacilli during 1925. The Council has recently resolved that a sample of the milk supplied to the Municipal Maternity Home should be tested every two months for tubercle bacilli. (ii) Licences were granted in January, 1925, to Messrs. Edwards & Sons, Ltd. (United Dairies), to sell (a) Pasteurised Milk, (b) Certified Milk, (c) Grade A (Tuberculin Tested) Milk at the following premises: 84 Endwell Road; 95 High Street; 295 New Cross Road. Licences were also granted to Messrs. R. Higgs & Sons Dairies, Ltd. (United Dairies), to sell at their premises at 389a Queens Road (a) Pasteurised Milk, (b) Grade A (Tuberculin Tested) Milk, (c) Grade A Milk, and (d) Certified Milk. 