61 No legal proceedings are possible in respect of an informal sample, but, when adulteration is discovered, formal samples are obtained immediately and necessary action is taken on receipt of the analytical report regarding them. During the year no sample of milk was found to be adulterated to such a degree as to justify legal proceedings. Certain other food samples were found to be inferior, but not to such an extent as to justify legal action. In each of these cases a warning letter was sent to the Vendor concerned. The work carried out under the Food and Drugs (Adulteration) Act, during the year is summarized in the Public Analyst's Report in the appendix. The Public Health (Preservatives, etc., in Food) Regulations.— All samples of milk and cream taken during the year were submitted to examination for preservatives. No evidence of the presence of preservatives was obtained sufficient to warrant legal proceedings. Margarine.—No application for transfer of registration was received during the year from wholesale dealers in margarine. Bacteriological Examinations.—Arrangements have also been made with the Clinical Research Association for the bacteriological examination of samples of milk under the Milk (Special Designations) Orders. Seven samples were submitted for investigation during the year, each of which was found to be satisfactory in character. DISSEMINATION OF KNOWLEDGE AS TO NUTRITION. Advice as to the necessity for a high standard of purity and quality in relation to food is given by the staff of the Public Health Department. In addition, lectures and film demonstrations on Health topics, including Diet, are given from time to time at the premises of the Chelsea Health Society. Leaflets are also issued to expectant and nursing mothers which are of great assistance in focussing attention on this important subject. The desire of the public to consume a natural product, of at least that they should be made aware if offered an artificial substitute, has found expression in the Artificial Cream Act, 1929. Shell-fish (Molluscan).—There are no shell-fish beds or layings in the Borough. No markets for the sale of shell-fish by wholesale exist in the district. 