2 3. The Hales Street (Voluntary) Infants' Welfare Centre is now conducted by your Medical Officer of Health. 4. A most successful Health Week (including Baby Week) is now held, attended annually by thousands of people. 5. Although the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1925, do not apply to London, and we are therefore precluded from spending money on Public Health Propaganda, a series of eight lectures on health subjects was given in the Town Hall, by your medical officers, on alternate Wednesday evenings to appreciative audiences. Now, prevention is cheaper than cure, and as I have always maintained that progress in public health depends first and foremost on an enlightened public opinion on health matters, it has been my aim to push the educational side of our work to great lengths. The public press has been freely used, and many a winter afternoon or evening has been given up to expounding the principles of health to public and private groups and associations in the Borough. Quiet and effective educational work has been carried out by the Health Visitors and Sanitary Inspectors in their day-to-day visitations. Much use has been made of leaflets and booklets giving advice as to cancer, measles, whooping cough, diphtheria, flies and summer diarrhoea, as well as those on the rearing of infants and the care of the expectant mother. 6. The work at the Tuberculosis Clinic has been reorganised, and the good work of the Tuberculosis Care Committee can be visualised by a perusal of the special report on the Secretary's experiences, embodied herein. 7. The growth of the Ante-Natal, Tuberculosis, and Ultra-Violet ray activities has involved the consideration of plans for a new building, but this latter will be dealt with in my report of next year. 8. In the Autumn of 1925, I wrote a lengthy report for the Public Health and also the Baths and Washhouses Committee, advocating the necessity for the provision of a continuous flow of clean water in the swimming baths so as to remove impurities and to bring matters up-to-date in this connection. The Council decided to instal Bell Bros, filtration and aeration plant and accessories at the Laurie Grove Baths. 9. Following a Representation made in 1925, under Section 4 of the 1890 Public Health Act, concerning the Watergate Street area, 