60 Ice Cream Vendors.— At the end of the year, 40 premises were shown in the Register as places where ice-cream is prepared or sold. There were 2.0 inspections of these premises This trade is mainly regulated under the Public Health (London) Act, 1936. It is an offence to store ice-cream in a sleeping room or in any shed or room in which there is an inlet to a drain. Vendors of ice-cream must notify the occurrence of infectious disease among their employees or persons living on their premises. The Act also provides that every itinerant vendor shall exhibit on his barrow the name and address of the person from whom the ice-cream has been obtained. Fried Fish Vendors.—At the end of the year there were 14 premises in which the frying of fish was carried on and 20 inspections of these premises were made. It is found that a reasonable standard of cleanliness is now being maintained, but it is necessary for the Inspectors to maintain a constant vigilance to impress upon the vendors the necessity for the systematic observance of cleanliness. Inspection of Other Premises where Food is Prepared or Offered for Sale.—The Inspectors keep under frequent observation all other premises where food is prepared for or exposed for sale. Included in this category are restaurants and premises used by provision dealers, butchers, fishmongers and greengrocers for the purposes of their trades. Table No. 33 (page 46) shows, for the past two years, the number of inspections of premises where food was prepared for or exposed for sale. Unsound Food. During the year, During the year, unsound food was surren¬ dered and destroyed, including 1,566 eggs; 172½ lbs. mutton and lamb; 53 lbs. beef; 2,049 lbs. Pork; 110 lbs. kidneys; 74lbs bacon 51 lbs. harm (cooked); 267 rabbits; 367 lbs. fish; 84 loaves; 400 lbs. flour, 27 lbs. butter; and 36 lbs. greens. * No carcases were destroyed on account of Tuberculosis. Food Poisoning.— No case of food poisoning occurred during the year. Food and Drugs Act, 1938.—Four hundred samples, including 95 samples of milk were taken and submitted for analysis during the year. These samples were investigated by the Public Analyst to the Borough, whose Report is set out in the appendix. Each of the four male Sanitary Inspectors is appointed an Inspector under the Act Under their direction, the taking of samples is effected by individuals temporarily employed for the purpose, the services of persons outside the Borough being frequently utilised. The samples procured are of two kinds—formal and informal. Formal samples are those taken strictly in conformity with the Act. Informal samples are those taken without these strict formalities and afford useful indication of the conditions without disclosing to the vendor that the object of purchase is analysis. * Numerous visits were made by the Sanitary inspectors at premises damaged by enemy action with a view to the sal¬ vage of foods at such premises. 