47 Premises and Occupations Controlled by Byelaws and Regula - tions.—The preceding Table No. 33 summarises the number and character of premises and occupations in the borough which are controlled by bye - laws and regulations. Underground rooms and underground sleeping rooms, although controlled, the former under the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, and the latter under the Housing Act, 1936, are not registered. Further reference to these premises and occupations will be found in the Sections of this report dealing with "Inspection and Supervision of Food and Housing." Eradication of bed bugs.— Two hundred and nine premises were found to be infested with bed bugs, 12 being owned by the Borough Council and 174 owned privately.* In each case disinfestation was carried out. The work of disinfestation is carried out by the staff of the Borough Council. The methods employed for freeing infested houses from bed bugs consist of fumigation with Sulphur dioxide and the employment of contact spraying with an insecticide. Where necessary, owners are called upon to remove or loosen wooden fittings and strip walls in order to assist fumigation. Prior to 1940. the furniture of each tenant removing to a Council flat was subjected to treatment in a specially constructed Cyanide Van before entry into the new flat. Cyanide fumigation was carried out by the Westminster City Council, under an agreement with the Borough Council. Owing to war conditions this treatment was suspended, throughout 1940. Factories, Workshops and Workplaces.— The Medical Officer of Health is required under Section 128 of the Factories Act, 1937, to include in his annual report details of the administration of this Act in his district. The total number of factories, workshops and workplaces on the register at the end of the year was 50. The number of inspec - tions of these premises was 133, which compares with 62 in 1933. Defects were found in 21 instances. The following Table No. 34 is in the form requested by the Home Office in order to ensure uniformity in the presentation of returns :— *Also 35 in connection with Civil Defence. 