121 Welfare Committee): to present a fortnightly report on cases in the Home : to state the number of applications received for admission, the number accepted for admission, the number refused, the number assessed at various amounts, the number received from the Ante-Natal clinic : to give financial details presented by the Matron each 14 days. Subsequently it was agreed that applicants need not attend the Sub - Committee meeting when their applications were being considered. Any desirous of interviewing the Committee could do so after receiving intimation of the assessments made. Prior to being passed for the Home all applicants have to attend the Ante-Natal Centre for examination and supervision by Dr. Hill. In the event of any abnormalty of a major kind being diagnosed, prompt and sympathetic steps are taken with a view to treatment. Such cases are usually referred to Dr. Gilliatt at King's College Hospital, no charge being made to the Borough Council. As regards the fees charged to the expectant mothers by the Councd, there is no printed form or scale of fees; it was felt that elasticity was needed, hard cases might need special consideration; moreover, the Ministry of Health had laid it down that poverty should not be a bar to acceptance for admission. The Committee, however, consider the answeis given on the application form as to the wages, rent, number and ages of children, and maternity benefit, whilst special expenditure incurred, say, through travelling to work, is taken cognisance of. As a rule, the rent is deducted from the earnings and 10s. is deducted for each child, the balance forming the necessary fee. An average charge is about £2 15s. Od. a week; though in all cases admitted from outside the Borough, a charge of £4 4s. Od. per week is made. If a mother, for some reason, stays over the usual 14 days in the Home, a charge of three shillings a day is made, from and including the seventeenth day. There is more than one way in which comparisons can be made between various Metropolitan Maternity Homes respecting their running costs. One method is misleading; this is the comparison on the " per patient week " basis. The natural heads of expenditure in a home vary. Establishment and administration charges remain at full, whether the home is full or not, while provisions and medical requisites move with the number of patients. It is because of this fact that unless a series of homes are full for a given period, comparison on the cost " per patient week" basis is misleading. The better way of 