116 MUNICIPAL MATERNITY HOME. A Survey Report affords a useful opportunity for describing the origin and the developing administration as well as the subsequent work of the Maternity Home. In September, 1918, it fell to the lot of Acting Medical Officer, Dr. Macdonald, to draw the attention of the Public Health Committee to the Maternity and Child Welfare Act, 1918, a circular on which had been sent out to Local Authorities by the Local Government Board. It was suggested by Dr. Macdonald, that hospital beds might be provided for the treatment of complicated cases of pregnancy, as such cases were dependant upon the various lying-in homes and Maternity hospitals situated in different parts of London (Poor-law beds excepted.) Long journeys had to be taken by patients who had first to obtain hospital or other letters, and as admission was not sanctioned until labour had commenced, many were confined at home, with, in some cases, unsatisfactory results. Dr. Macdonald suggested that a large vacant house, affording eight to ten beds, might be provided for the needs of the Borough. The first meeting of the newly constituted Maternity and Child Welfare Committee was held on 4th December, 1918, and a letter was read to the members from the National League for Health, Maternity and Child Welfare, embodying an offer from the American Red Cross of a small lying-in home to be selected in a London Borough by the League. The Red Cross proposed to equip and maintain the institution for one year. This fell through. The Borough Council then decided to enquire as to suitable premises in the Borough. The Committee visited and examined the Hospital Supply Depot and Red Cross hall adjoining, at the corner of Breakspears Road, but as the County Council purchased this for a definite educational purpose, they were unwilling to sell it. They agreed to let the premises to the Borough Council, but as the probable period of tenancy was only for a matter of six months, it became necessary to seek for another building. Brockley Lodge, in Upper Brockley Road, next attracted attention but in the valuers' opinion the price was not satisfactory. Still another building was examined before the Committee finally settled on Waltham House, 52 Wickham Road. The cost of acquiring the premises, £1,800, included certain fixtures. The cost of conversion was carefully gone into, and it was agreed that there would be accommodation for twelve beds or twenty cases a month. Many 