144 (e) All things considered, Elementary School Children come from homes and surroundings where the need is greatest. 3. The Special Lectures at the Exhibition Hall, because— (a) There is a resolute, insistent and insatiable desire for knowledge on the part of men and women who realise that knowledge is power, and that the chance of hearing men and women of experience and ripened judgment speaking on their special subject, should not be missed. (b) Each special subject is an irresistible appeal to many who themselves or their friends have suffered or are suffering from the particular disease expounded. (c) The hours at which these special lectures are given are ideal for the sexes; three o'clock is the women's hour and seven-thirty p.m., the men's hour. The Addresses and Demonstration to Elementary School Children. In London, the schools are under the control of the County Council and not the local borough councils. The Town Clerk should write to the Education Officer of the County Council asking permission to approach the head teachers of public elementary schools in the district to send pupils of ten years of age and upwards, with a teacher in charge, to receive an address of 15 minutes' duration, followed by a demonstration. The County Council will cordially agree, and the head teachers are informed that the attendance at the Exhibition may be regarded as an " educational visit." Care should be taken to give the address punctually at the time stated, as an inspector from the Board of Education may attend. It is no exaggeration to say that the enthusiasm and excitement of the school children is immense. Take the boys and girls separately. Use diagrams and models, the Medical Officer of Health speaking. Deal with the teeth and tooth - brush; hygiene of the nostrils ; "nose" breathing; adenoids; enlarged tonsils and deafness ; cleanliness, remembering the nails. Ask questions, here and there, amongst the scholars and see that your clear and careful explanations have been understood. Dismiss the class, to the care of the Health Visitors, for demonstrations. Then carry on with class 2. Over one thousand scholars attend Deptford's addresses and demonstrations annually. Any organiser with a heart and imagination 