99 . Section 6.—Allows the person aggrieved to appeal within 14 days to a Court of Summary Jurisdiction. Section 7.—Relates to compensation for damages sustained by reason of the exercise of the powers of the Act. During 1925 a copy of the Regulations was sent to all employees engaged locally in the milk trade. Watch was kept over the employment of all persons notified for tuberculosis of the respiratory tract and the tuberculosis officer paid attention to the occupation of all persons visiting the Dispensary. In no case was any action found necessary. It is desirable that all who are engaged in the trade should be examined by the Tuberculosis Officer, and that no one should be allowed to commence such work without such examination. General Observations. Arrangements for following up patients in cases in which the diagnosis is doubtful:— In doubtful cases every effort is made to diagnose the case at the latest, before the expiration of two months. A difficulty in a number of such is that their attendance at the Tuberculosis Clinic is unsatisfactory and irregular. The Tuberculosis Health Visitor calls at the home in all these cases to point out the importance of regular attendance. Special methods of diagnosis and treatment and the value of such treatment :— Forty-eight diagrams were made at the Miller Hospital. Two cases received Finsen Light treatment at the London Hospital. One patient received Artificial Pneumo-thorax refills at the Brompton Hospital, paid for by the Council, while two others had this treatment at Guy's Hospital, but not under the Council's arrangements. One case receiving A.P. refills is progressing satisfactory. Arrangements for the provision of nursing or of extra nourishment for patients living at home :— The Council does not supply home nurses directly for home nursing. Fifty cases received a grant for extra nourishment, the total cost amounting to £146 6s. 4d. A large proportion of necessitous cases are being maintained by the Guardians. The nature and extent of any dental treatment provided by the Council for tuberculous patients :— As £70 was the amount allowed for the year, only 46 were treated. Extractions and fillings were carried out, no dentures being supplied. 