113 6. Seven or eight years ago a Nursing Association, on the Provident principle, was established for Brockley and Crofton Park. This Association is closely associated with the name of that kindly gentleman, Councillor Aucutt. The Association covers a wide area and is connected with Ranyard House. One of the nurses is resident and there is a visiting sister who attends the monthly Committee meetings. Excellent work is accomplished. 7. The Borough Council pays for the service of a Ranyard Nurse in certain cases approved by the Medical Officer, such as pneumonia in children under five years. The fee paid is 1s. 3d. per visit. (b) Infectious Diseases, Measles, etc. Practically all cases of the major forms of infectious disease are sent into hospital. Of the so-called minor diseases, such as measles and whooping cough, a number are sent to the M. A.B. hospitals. The Council provides a whole-time nurse during an epidemic of measles, and the Health Visitors also visit cases. The general rule is that if the home surroundings are insanitary, overcrowded, etc., or if compli - cations are threatened, and provided the family doctor is willing (many can only pay for one visit by a doctor), the patient is sent into hospital. Circumstances decide the action necessary, thus the services of a Ranyard Nurse may be requisitioned. Measles became notifiable in Deptford in September, 1922, so that little time is lost in ascertaining cases. Information concerning whooping cough is derived mainly from head teachers. The Health Visitors visit such cases as their already extensive duties permit. In all cases where any sanitary defect is found, information is promptly conveyed to the department for necessary action. Midwives. These are under the supervision of the London County Council. There are some nineteen in the Borough, of whom five are at the Municipal Maternity Home. No subsidy is paid to midwives locally. Chemical Work. The report concerning Food and Drugs will be found in the tables given hereafter. 