2 PREFACE To the Mayor, Aldermen and Councillors of the Metropolitan Borough of Chelsea. Madam Mayor, Ladies and Gentlemen, I have the honour to submit my Annual Report on the health of the Metropolitan Borough of Chelsea for 1940. The chief vital statistics relating to the year are as follows:- The Civilian population of the Borough is estimated by the Registrar-General at 38,700 a figure which is lower than that for last year. The birth rate (11.0) is higher than that for last year (9.7). The marriage rate (2.1.6) is higher than that for last year (19.2). The death rate (22.0) higher than that for London generally (17.8) and compares with 14.6 last year. It is, perhaps, not generally realised that over 10 per cent, of the Chelsea population is made up of persons over 65 years of age—a much higher proportion than that obtaining in any other Metropolitan Borough—and that over one-half of all deaths in Chelsea occur in persons over 65 years of age. The infant mortality rate is 40 per 1,000 live births, as compared with 33 last year. The general improvement in the public health of the Borough continues to be maintained. There was a decrease in the total incidence of notifiable infectious disease during the year. The total number of notifications, excluding duplicates, was 343, as compared with 372 last year. At the end of the year there were 177 cases of pulmonary tuberculosis and 35 cases of non-pulmonary tuberculosis known to be living in the Borough—a total much lower than that for last year. Maternity and Child Welfare work has continued to grow in extent and usefulness. The attendances at the welfare centres were 4650 and 4,700 visits to homes of patients were recorded. I continue to receive most valuable assistance from the Chelsea Health Society, and cannot speak too highly of the efficiency of the Society's work. Section III. of the report deals with Sanitary Administration. The statistics indicate that constant attention is devoted to the improve - ment of housing accommodation in the Borough. As in former years, much attention has been devoted to the super - vision of food supplies. 