34 It is desirable that Resident Medical Officers in city hospitals should he informed that in cases in which death has occurred, the body must not be allowed to be taken home for burial. In cases which have died from an infectious disease, the body can only be removed direct to the place of burial. Acute Pneumonia, Malaria and Dysentery. The deaths from pneumonia numbered 114, and with 153 notified, this serves to show that probably 200 cases were not notified. Urgent representations have been made to the medical profession locally. It is obvious that housing and atmospheric conditions are again at work. Forty-one of the notified cases occurred in the East Ward and 51 in the North-west Ward. Only 16 cases were removed to hospital. As each case is notified the physician in charge is asked whether he wishes the case removed to hospital. Dysentery—No cases occurred. Malaria—Five cases were notified, due steps being taken to see that quinine was being supplied. Public Health (Small-pox Prevention) Regulations, 1917. No vaccinations were performed by the Medical Officer of Health. Cancer. Cancer leaflets are distributed. Disinfection is carried out in case of death from this disease, upon a request being received. Measles Became notifiable under the Deptford (Measles) Regulations, 1922, on September 11th. This disease strikes the Borough with lancinating, search-ray thoroughness every two years. Again in 1925 the Borough Council appointed a special nurse at the peak of the epidemic to visit and advise in the homes. Where the contacts are at the dangerous age, say from one to three years, these should be protected by isolating the sufferer. In Deptford this is not practicable; the old story, over - crowding. The Metropolitan Asylums Board with its brilliant clerk, Mr. Powell, organised a scheme whereby children from overcrowded homes, and complicated cases could be admitted to hospital. There is nothing fresh to be said about measles. Measles and Diphtheria are two of the greatest threats to child life to-day. 