138 therefore one evening to each, and boom the forthcoming lectures and speakers with might and main. The Rodent Stall, affectionately termed the Rat Show, is ringed round by boys and girls from 10 to 60 years old! from start to finish. People like to be in at the kill. The mill lass and the factory girl appeal to their swains to hold them back in case they touch a " dead-un. It's good to look upon the chap in't bottle that skeered us so often." There are many good rat firms, and the Rodent and Insect Pest Destruction Co., Ltd., 2a Elm Park, Brixton Hill, London, S.W. 2, gave us a fine display, including, by good fortune, specimens loaned by a certain Ministry. It might be well to mention the exhibits, lest some may think that the stall is made up of the carcases of the late Mr. Rat. 1. Red Squill Rat Biscuits, Liquid Extract of Red Squill," Rodesco" Liquid Insecticide, varieties of paste and powder Rat Baits, Barium Carbonate Rat Baits, " Klearwell " insect powder. 2. Samples of Red Squill Bulbs and Barium Carbonate. 3. Specimens of rats—Mus Decumanus or common sewer rat, Mus Rattus or black or ship or old English rat, Mus Musculus the common house mouse, also the Water Vole (not a true rat) for comparison. 4. Dark ratlime and photographs, etc., showing the methods of use. 5. Photographs, etc., showing damage done by rats, etc. 6. Photographs, etc., showing methods of using rat baits. 7. Mummified rat and mouse, also specimens showing the results of the poisons. 8. Posters, pamphlets and general propaganda. The Rodent Co. might not be able to go all over the country and exhibit, and it would be a mistake to expect the particular Ministry to be able to spare their specimens to any great extent. A Virol Stall is a reasonable proposition, as Virol has won its place as an infants food accessory or medicament and is approved by clin - icains in the upbringing of delicate, marasmic or "backward" children. A Toilet Stall, presenting soaps, etc., is a nice addition. The Pure Products Co., Ltd., Sapon House, 24-25 King William Street, London Bridge, E.C. 4, have a fine Sapon House Exhibition Stand, for which I fear, early application would need to be made. These seven stalls will give an idea of the lines upon which assist - ance from outside sources might be obtained. The most important stalls are those of the Health Department. 