78 Tuberculosis, which require treatment. These cases are advised as to obtaining such treatment, either from private practitioners or at general hospitals. Many children are found to be suffering from anaemia, malnutrition and similar diseases and are referred to the Chelsea branch of the Invalid Children's Aid Association with a view to provision of convalescent home treatment. Co-operation with the School Medical Service.—The relation - ship with the School Medical Service continues to be satisfactory. The School Medical Authorities frequently afford valuable help in deciding what supervision is desirable in connection with children. Many children are referred direct to the School Clinic for the treatment of minor ailments and dental caries. Co-operation with Medical Practitioners.—During the year the Tuberculosis Officer visited 18 cases (including personal consultations) at the homes of the patients, and 51 cases were referred to him at the Dispensary by medical practitioners in the Borough. Insured persons under the care of local medical practitioners are visited by the Tuberculosis Visitor. Home Contacts.—The number of home contacts of tuberculous patients examined at the Dispensary during the year was 83 a decrease of 67, compared with the previous year. Special arrangements are made for following up patients in cases where the diagnosis is doubtful. Such cases are again examined at intervals, and, when necessary, X-ray or other special investigation is made. The Social Worker at the Dis - pensary maintains regular observation in connection with these patients. Artificial Pneumo-thorax Treatment.—On the recommendation of the Tuberculosis Officer, patients are supplied with refills in con - nection with artificial pneumo-thorax treatment. During the year twenty-eight patients received treatment. The total cost(£242. 8s) was borne by the Borough Council. Home Nursing.—The Dispensary organization includes home nursing, which is much appreciated by such patients as are confined to bed. The Dispensary Nurse also visits the home for observation purposes. During the year, the number of visits paid by Nurses to the homes of patients was 2,124 a de crease of 748 over the number for the previous year. The Council lent a bedstead and bedding to one case during the year. Extra Nourishment.-Twenty-five cases of Tuberculosis were certified by the Tuberculosis Officer during the year to require extra nourish - ment as part of their treatment. These cases were supplied with foods such as milk, eggs and butter. The total cost of extra nourishment (£58.14s.5d.) was borne by the Borough Council. Non-Tuberculous Cases.—All cases examined at the Dispensary in which special treatment is indicated, other than for Tuberculosis, are assisted in obtaining such treatment at an appropriate hospital. Others are sent to country or seaside convalescent homes through the agency of the Invalid Children's Aid Association or other organisation. 