117 matters required thought, such as electric lighting, hot water installation, provision for escape from fire, and the purchase of furniture, from Lawson Tait beds and cots to desks, cupboards, chairs and so on. One can imagine the consideration, the plans in effect, the long hours spent by all concerned in bending themselves to this task. Curiously enough there were not wanting some people (not Councillors) who feared that the proposed Maternity Hcme might prejudice the amenities of Wickham Road, and it is on record that the darkling fears thus harboured and expressed were soothed by the Mayor and Committee. Experience was sought by visits to other Homes in London, and doubtless from such, and from a study of local conditions, it was wisely decided that preference should be given to those whose lack of accommodation or home conditions made confinement at home undesirable. Other provision was to be made for abnormal cases. Tentatively the Committee decided on a minimum fee of 2 guineas a week with a registration fee of ten shillings and sixpence, the latter to merge in the first week's fee. It was felt that the staff should comprise a nurse-matron, four trained nurses, with a cook and two maids, and it was arranged that the rough laundry work should be done at the Public Baths and Washhouses in a specially reserved cubicle. It would be unfair to the past to skim lightly over the alterations made on behalf of generations of mothers and babies yet unborn ; the work was deemed to be worth doing well. Consider the Borough Surveyor's responsibilities for a moment. He reported on the need of a coal heated cooking range fitted with a hot water boiler in the kitchen to connect up to the existing hot flow and return pipe, this system to be supplemented by a pair of gas heated " Potterton " boilers fitted with thermostatic automatic gas regulating valve, hired from the South Metropolitan Gas Company, at 7s. 6d. a year. For central heating, a new tubular boiler was needed with boiler range, flue and circulating pipe, with 20 radiators in place of existing fireplaces. Sanitary appliances and drainage, also gas heating to supplement coal heating, were duly installed. Asbestos jointless flooring, distempering of walls and installation of the telephone were completed, and the day of the opening ceremony, July 9th, 1921, by H. R. H. Princess Louise, drew near. 