25 These brief notes are sufficient to show that we are dealing with a distinctive infection, affecting the nervous system, and leading in a number of cases to death, and in some others to a degeneration in the nervous system and in character. Arrangements have been made whereby the Metropolitan Asylums Board will admit a number of cases for after-treatment. It is indeed fortunate that the number of cases has fallen. The disease is probably the aftermath of Influenza. Diphtheria. The notifications for the five years were:— 1921 363 1922 459 1923 417 1924 374 1925 610 The incidence of this disease in 1925 was severer than for several years past. It was noticeable that Diphtheria affected the Thames side in London during 1925. The whole situation with regard to this disease is extremely unsatisfactory. Over two years ago I began examining, as far as I could, the contacts of each case as these cases were notified to me. Swabbing was carried out thoroughly for one quarter with no appreciable result. Contacts have been examined, mainly at 10 a.m., at the Town Hall, but where the disease has tended to persist, the homes have been visited. During the winter of 1925, a daily visit was paid by me to the same contacts of all cases which had occurred for 21 days in the Canterbury and Hatcham Wards. This was a heavy undertaking when the numbers which occurred in the Reculver Road, Pomeroy Street and Besson Street sectors are remembered. The value of contact examination can be appreciated when it is noted that of the 610 occurring during the year no fewer than 32 were detected and notified by your Medical Officer. Despite all this following up, the disease continued to flourish. In all cases where a case occurred in a family, throat antiseptics were freely given. I really wonder whether they are of any use. Obviously the tenacity of the disease was due to the occurrence of "carriers." Now this report on Diphtheria is written in simple language in the hope that, following my two special reports to the Health Committee, permission may be given to your Medical Officers to carry out the only possible means there are of cutting down and possibly 