145 must be moved as he looks upon the sea of upturned eager faces; it is a golden opportunity. The soil is there; it only needs the man and the hour. Whenever possible, fit in an exhibition of dancing or "movements" by the pupils. This will add numbers of the parents to the throng. The Special Lectures at the Exhibition Hall. There is a welter of choice here. A word of warning. Engage lecturers whom you have heard yourself or concerning whom you have reliable evidence that they have the voice and equipment. The metallic voice, the awkward pause, the lack of personality, the man or woman without confidence, the prosy party, all may wreck an evening. The people will say " Never again." Aspiring Assistant Medical Officers should start their oratorical career by teaching ambulance to boys' brigades or boy scouts' classes and so on through men's clubs, pleasant Sunday afternoon meetings, etc., until they gain their platform legs. Loyalty to a fellow colleague is not loyalty, but folly if he or she is pushed on to a platform on a big night, without experience. In engaging lecturers, the question of expense may bulk largely. Remember too, that many prefer to listen to their own health staff. The Medical Officer of Health, Tuberculosis Officer, School Medical Officer, Maternity Medical Officer and V.D. Officer may suffice, when the Borough and staff is large enough. There should always be a lecture on Tuberculosis, with lantern slides. A lecture to men, and another to women, in Venereal Disease is desirable and will occupy two separate evenings. These will not cost anything. The prime importance of the public's milk supply makes it impossible for a Health Week to be contemplated without reference to this subject. The National Clean Milk Society, 3 Bedford Square, London, W.C., and their Chairman, Mr. Wilfred Buckley, C.B.E., will occur to the organiser's mind. If approached some weeks in advance, Mr. Buckley or an able substitute, might be available for a lecture on " The Production of Certified Milk on an English Farm." This lecture is accompanied by a film. A short film is available if there is a lecturer, and a long film, containing explanatory matter, if no lecturer is present. The Society look to the local authority to supply the apparatus and operator. The cost of such a lecture might work out at two guineas plus travelling expenses. If a lantern and operator have to be hired, 