41 BLIND PERSONS ACT, 1920. At the request of the London County Council, the Borough Council has arranged for the home visiting of blind children under five years of age to be carried out by the Health Visitors. Reports are furnished to the County Council as occasion arises, when the home conditions are found to be unsuitable for blind children or where it is considered necessary that the child should be admitted into a suitable institution. No case came to the knowledge of the department during the year. SUMMARY OF ARRANGEMENTS REGARDING MATERNITY AND CHILD WELFARE. The Borough Council's scheme for Maternity and Child Welfare includes the following activities :— (a.)The issue of pamphlets giving advice on various matters concerning the welfare of mothers and infants. (b.)The co-ordination of the work of the voluntary Maternity and Child Welfare agencies in the Borough. (c.)The home visitation of expectant and nursing mothers and infants by a staff of Health Visitors who work (a.) from the Town Hall, and (b.) from the Centres of the Chelsea Health Society. (d.)The subsidisation of the Chelsea Health Society's Maternity and Child Welfare Centres and Clinics for mothers, infants and young children. (e.)The subsidisation of the local branch of the Invalid Children's Aid Association. (f.)The subsidisation of the voluntary Day Nursery in the Borough. (g.)The subsidisation of the Chelsea District Nursing Association for the home nursing of expectant and nursing mothers and young children. (h.) The provision of Home Helps. (i.)The provision of midwifery attendance, free or at reduced rates, for necessitous Chelsea women. (j)The provision of Convalescent Home accommodation for nursing mothers and infants. (k.)The provision of dental treatment for expectant and nursing mothers. (l)The supply of milk, free or at reduced rates, to necessitous nursing and expectant mothers, infants, and young children. (m.) The provision of sterile maternity outfits at cost price. (n.) The administration of the Widows', Orphans' and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, 1925 and 1929, in respect of deserted, abandoned or neglected children. 