28 1. For general prophylaxis against diphtheria in schools and communities, excluding immediate contacts. 2. For immunisation of individuals not immediately exposed to infection. 3. For immunisation of individuals exposed to diphtheria after anti-toxin has been administered. The administration of toxin-anti - toxin should be delayed for at least two weeks after the serum injection. The above description, mainly after Parke, Davis & Co., gives the impression, perhaps, that the actual work is laborious; in actual practice this is not so. Diphtheria will never be got under in London until these steps are taken. In Deptford we supply diphtheria anti-toxin to any practitioner who applies at the Town Hall for it. The demand is small, as cases are usually sent at once into hospital. The following leaflet is given to each family in a house where a case has occurred:— Metropolitan Borough of Deptford. Important Notice concerning DIPHTHERIA. Diphtheria is a dangerous infectious disease caused by a germ which settles on the tonsils and throat forming a bluish-white film or membrane. The throat often becomes red, swollen and inflamed. From the throat, poisons pass into the body causing sometimes temporary paralysis of limbs or even death from heart failure. If a case of diphtheria is recognised in the first day or two of illness and hurriedly given serum (usually in hospital), then the patient generally does well; but if there is delay in calling in the family doctor and the case is not therefore given serum until the third or fourth day of illness, then it may be serious. Where one case occurs in a family, a second or third case frequently occurs in the same house within the next week or two or even later. It is most important therefore, when the first case occurs, that the throats of all others in the house (the contacts) should be examined either by the family doctor or by the Medical Officer of Health, Public Health Department, Deptford Town Hall, New Cross Road. (Contacts seeing the Medical Officer of Health should call at the Town Hall between 10 and 11 a.m.). No charge is made for 