44 Causes of sickness or invalidity specially noteworthy: occupational or environmental conditions which have a prejudicial effect on health. There are no occupational diseases peculiar to the borough. Under "Housing" the relationship of environment to disease will be discussed, whilst special articles on Measles and Diphtheria, especially the last mentioned, will be found in the course of the report. Enquiry has been made into the occupations of rag dealers, but no association with disease has been defined. A number of people collect rags, and these are taken to Messrs. Dandridge in Creek Street. Eventually the material finds its way to paper and shoddy makers. I feel driven to state that the special causes of sickness and invalidity in one or two parts of Deptford are those resulting from miserable environment, principally in the East-end, and I would draw attention in this connection 'to my remarks under "Housing." It is a pity slow headway has been made respecting the clearance of slum areas, concerning which your Medical Officer or his predecessors have made "Representations." The East-end of Deptford was condemned years ago and it is still there. In my report for 1922 I said:— "The East Ward contains many who are living grey lives indeed. In his 'Children of the Dead End' Patrick Macgill told us of the lives of the navvies at Kinlochleven, a sordid story of hard, physical toil, of drink, gambling and fighting, of men who, some of them, knew little or nothing of God. I am not suggesting that these conditions are comparable with our Giffin Street area, but there is an echo. East of High Street we have hawkers, men who live off the barrow, who sell wood, roast chestnuts, anything and everything . . . . How can you expect to raise folks living under conditions of overcrowding and despair and in cheerless surroundings? Unemployment, poverty and despair knock the heart out of many." I have little to add to the above in this survey report. Every week I go to Hales Street and discuss Infant Welfare, Housing and what not with over forty mothers. Look at the death rate and infant mortality rate for our East-end. Of course, the gross infant mortality rate for the whole borough is excellent, but the East-end rate is relatively bad. I know all about those views that if you put some people into a palace it would be dirty in a year. One is not asking for 