92 It will be seen that in the last three years the number of persons, excluding contacts, examined for the first time is from 440—480, but that the number of contacts examined at the Dispensary has fallen off. This would appear to be due to the fact that the attendance of school children was not urged as it was known they would be examined at school under the arrangements now existing. Instructions have now been given to the Tuberculosis Health Visitors that they are to endeavour to persuade all contacts to come to the Dispensary for examination. If school age contacts do not attend within two weeks, a second visit is to be made to urge attendance. Two weeks later reports are sent to the School Medical Officer stating the results in cases examined at Dispensary and informing him of those who had not attended for examination. The total attendances and number of systematic examinations shew a progressive increase. Cases on observation for more than two months.—Of these a large number are cases who ceased to attend before diagnosed or who attended irregularly so that a satisfactory diagnosis could not be arrived at in two months from date of first attendance. The figures for patients on Domiciliary Treatment and for others on Treatment or Supervision shew as much increased. This is explained by the fact that an attempt was made at the end of 1925 to arrive at as exact figures as possible in view of new returns required by the Ministry of Health for the future. Many cases not previously numbered as under supervision, owing to non-attendance for a long time, are now included under this heading as they were not examined and definitely discharged as not needing further supervision. Similarly a number of cases are now included as on Domiciliary Treatment though they may not have been recently seen and considered still in need of Domiciliary Treatment. In some of these cases the doctors have said they have not seen the patients for a long time. An endeavour is being made to secure the re-attendance of these patients for proper classification and get the figures as accurate as possible. As regards Home Visits by the Tuberculosis Officer and the Dispensary Nurses the figures vary considerably, due largely to changes in staff. A change of Tuberculosis Officer took place in 1922 and in 1925. Till 1921 there was only one Nurse employed at the Dispensary. Visits to notified cases were done chiefly by the general Health Visitors, 