37 find the association of high density with a relatively good housing position, and of the converse association of overcrowding with low population density. Buildings, Dwellings, Rooms and Families. In the 1921 Census a new term was introduced as the housing unit, serving as the basis of the returns. This is called a "structurally separate dwelling," and it means any room or set of rooms having separate access either to a street or to a common landing or staircase accessible to visitors. Each flat in a block of flats is a separate unit. A private house which has not been structurally divided is a single unit, whether occupied by one family or by several. But where a private house has been structurally divided into separate portions within the meaning of the definition, each portion is regarded as a separate unit. It has been possible in this census to indicate the extent to which houses originally built for the occupation of single families have been structurally divided to provide separate and in - dependent occupation for two or more families. The average size of private families (persons) in the London County has fallen from 4.15 in 1911 to 3.79 in 1921, a drop of 9 per cent. In 1921, 147,797 private families, comprising 262,363 persons were living in one room; that is, there were 1.78 persons per family, and each person had .56 of one room. Such London families numbered 13.2 per cent. of the whole. Twenty-three and one-half per cent. of all families had three rooms and in such houses each person had .78 of a room to himself. The fall from 4.15 persons per family to 3.79 in the last ten years is due to the increase in the marriage rate in association with a heavily reduced birth-rate and (allowing for war deaths) an increased death-rate. The reduction in the size of families does not abate the demands of individual families for separate dwellings. Nearly two-thirds of the families occupy a portion only of a structurally separate dwelling each. The average unit of occupation (rooms) has decreased from 3.56 rooms per family in 1911 to 3.38 in 1921. It is only in families numbering one or two persons that an improvement has been recorded as regards density standards in homes, whilst a deterioration has taken place for all other sizes of family. The following table illustrates the housing of private families in 13 metropolitan boroughs and the City:— 