77 Chelsea Tuberculosis Dispensary.—This Dispensary, located at Brompton Hospital, provides highly efficient treatment for all cases resident in the Borough. By agreement with the Borough Council, adequate Medical, Nursing and other necessary services are provided. The Tuberculosis Officer's services are available when required by any medical practitioner in the Borough. Social work in connection with the Dispensary cases is carried out systematically and well by a trained. Social Worker. With the approval of the Ministry of Health, the Borough Council made a financial grant of £1,000 to Brompton Hospital for the year commencing 1st April, 1940. An additional sum of £160 for Nurses visits to homes of patients was also granted by the Council to the Hospital and approved by the Ministry of Health. Table No. 54, summarises, for the past two years, the number of persons examined at the Dispensary for the first time, the percentage of these cases in which definite tuberculosis was found and the total attendances at the Dispensary. Institutional Treatment.—The London County Council, the authority mainly responsible for the institutional treatment of Tuber - culosis in London, maintains St. George's Home, in Milman's Street, Chelsea, as a receiving hospital for cases of pulmonary tuberculosis (females). Of the cases which terminated fatally during the year, 47 per cent, died in St. Luke's Hospital and 39 per cent, in other public institutions, that is to say 86 per cent, died away from their homes, the corresponding figure for 1939 being 90 per cent. Co-operation with Hospitals and Invalid Children's Aid Association.—Existing arrangements with general and special hospitals in the neighbourhood continue to give satisfaction. Cases under treatment at St. Luke's Hospital are visited by the Tuberculosis Visitor. Arrangements are made with Brompton Hospital for the X-ray exam - ination of difficult cases, and for the provision of artificial pneumo - thorax refills. Many patients, both adults and children, who attend the Dispensary for examination, either as contacts or on their own initiative, are found to be suffering from conditions other than 