102 It has now been decided to continue the scheme for a further experimental period of 12 months. As a smaller amount of money is available the London County Council state that the number of children sent away must be reduced. We must be grateful that such a helpful scheme continues—even in an abridged form. Also during the past year the Care Committee have been asked to obtain grants for dentures for patients who have had teeth extracted free of cost at the dental clinic established at the dispensary. Both the features are new developments and from their nature tend to show that further schemes for the welfare of tubercular patients and their families can be looked for. The societies on which we rely for help have been generous as ever and grants have been substantial and numerous. We go on asking and invariably meet with response, sometimes, perhaps, because of our importunity. It was pointed out last year that the after-care work of the com - mittee, which is considered so important, was exceedingly. difficult, owing to existing conditions as regards unemployment, housing, etc. No improvement in the situation can be said to have taken place. Patients still have to return from sanatorium to crowded, uncomfort - able home conditions. Suitable work in cases where patients are unable to return to former employment is practically impossible to find. This situation, apart from the economic side, tends to depress a patient, and goes a long way to undo the good gained by treatment. Of course the difficulty as regards work is increased by the fact that so often a patient is only fit for light employment, and with more than enough healthy persons seeking work one can hardly expect an employer to take the risk of employing some who may have to give up as soon as he becomes useful. We must not, however, regard the position as hopeless, although at present it seems so. The Care Committee and public bodies dealing with tuberculosis are always trying to solve the problem. Suggestions have been brought forward from time to time—for instance, the question of special workshops has been under discussion. There are, however, many difficulties in connection with any solutions, financial or otherwise; we can only hope that it will be solved in time, and that the urgent need will ultimately bring fulfilment. At present all that can be done is to ascertain if help is required in any form, if so, to refer the case to an appropriate society or body, suggest any little alteration 