provision of he:lth services in the borough. B ACT5RIOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS . The total number of bacteriological examinations carried out was 85. Included in this number were 59 for the bacillus associated with Diphtheria and 13 for tuberculosis. NURSING IN THE HOME. The arrangements with the Chelsea District Nursing Association to undertake the nursing of cases of illness occurring in expectant and nursing mothers and the nursing of children under 5 years of age suffering from any illness was continued throughout the year, the total number of visits being 1404 (135 cases). CLINICS AND TREATMENT CENTRES. The Violet Melchett Infant Welfare Centre maintains the maternity and child welfare services in the Borough. Four infant clinics and one ante-natal clinic were held weekly throughout the year. The total number of attendances at the clinics by infants under one year of age was 2391, ancL 1535 children attended between the ages of 1 and 5 years. There were 703 attendances by mothers at the ante-natal clinic and 21 mothers attended the post-natal clinic. The Chelsea Day Nursery functioned at an address in Sussex throughout the year, the average number of children being 41. The Chelsea Mothercraft Home was closed throughout the year. INVALID CHILDREN'S AID ASSOCIATION. The arrangement with the Association was continued during the year. The number of applications referred to them for assistance of children under 5 years of age was 97 (actual cases 76), HEALTH VISITORS. The total number of visits made by the Health Visitors was 4700. The number of half-day attendances at Clinics was 487. CHILD LIFE PROTECTION. 72 visits (including 23 miscellaneous visits) were made to foster mothers. DENTAL TREATMENT. 66 cases attended the Dental Clinic at the Violet Melchett Infant Welfare Centre for the provision of preventive denta.l treatment for children under 5 years of age. Arrangements were also made for 6 expectant or nursing mothers to receive dental treatment, the Borough Council making a contribution of £18. 1. 6. towards the cost. HOME NET .PS. One case was attended by a Home Help - the nett co st to the Council being £4. 10). 0. SUPPLY OF MILK TO MOTHERS AND YOUNG CHILDREN. The total quantity of milk supplied was as follows:- Cows'milk (free of cost) 2559 gallons5 at reduced cost - 1342 gallons. Dried mi 11c (free of cost) 552 lbs; at reduced cost - 253 lbs. The approximate cost to the Borough Council was £435. CONVALESCENCE. One nursing mother and infant were sent away to a home free of charge. The nett cost to the Borough Council was £3. 2. 6. P.T.O. - 3 - 