141 or four feet by two or three feet. Find an artist on your staff or amongst the voluntary workers. Explain what you want, carefully, thus:— Diagram 1. Paint in top half of diagram typical English lady doctor in white coat with left hand on shoulder of artisan's wife and right hand pointing to portrait of baby on wall. Expectant mother looks happily at baby's portrait. Words below :—Supervision at ante-natal centre before baby is born ensures safe and easy confinement and a healthy and vigorous baby. (Give address and days and hours of ante-natal centre.) Diagram 2. Painting of fine baby boy about one year old. Print below :—Since the ante-natal centre commenced work there have been fewer miscarriages, fewer still births, fewer deaths of recently born babies. New born babies are healthier and weigh more. More mothers can breast feed their babies. Diagram 3. Painting of sturdy 18 months baby, standing, laughing and pushing chair. Print:-The ante-natal centre gives babies a splendid " push-off" in life. Diagram 4. Painting of curly-headed baby in bath. Print:—A warm bath carries off waste products of the body, keeps the skin clean and tones up the nervous system. Give bath with screen protection to avoid draughts. Give before eating and not before going out. Use clean soft water, pure unscented soap. Dry gently and thoroughly. Diagram 5. Painting of doctor dropping solution into new-born baby's eyes. Print below:—Blindness in thousands of babies is prevented by dropping in solution of silver salts into the eyes as soon as baby is born. Insist upon this when engaging a doctor for confinement. These diagrams can make a striking display at the ante-natal stall at every health exhibition. Our neo-natal mortality rate is regrettable and is almost stationary, whereas the general infant mortality rate is falling steadily. Purchase or hire cartoons, charts, etc., on "Flies," all about "Consumption" and "Smallpox" from the Editor of The Medical Officer, 36 Whitefriars Street, off Fleet Street, London, E.C. The safeguard of vaccination is strongly brought home, and the causes and treatment of Tuberculosis can be grasped by the simplest from the 