55 with more than a proportion of the cases of overcrowding during the year. Whenever possible, arrangements are made with the London County Council for the provision of a house for the overcrowded family. Eight such families obtained accommodation on the Council's Estates during the year. Further, when vacant tenements become available in the Borough Council's dwellings, preferential treatment is as far as possible given to cases of overcrowding. With a view to preventing a recurrence of overcrowding in premises which are being vacated because of their overcrowded condition, a cautionary letter is always sent to the landlord concerned, warning him that action will be taken against him in the event of a recurrence of overcrowded conditions in the premises. During the period 7th January to 25th March, 1937, a farther survey of working-class dwelling-houses in the Borough was carried out in accordance with the Housing Act, 1936. The purpose of the survey was to ascertain the permitted number of persons entitled under the Act to occupy a working-class dwelling. This necessitated the measurement of each room in 5,112 houses. Under Section 62 of the Housing Act, a Landlord or Occupier of a dwelling-house may apply to a Local Authority, and it is the duty of the Local Authority to inform the applicant, in writing, of the number of persons constituting the permitted number in relation to the house. Fitness of Houses.—The general standard of housing in the Borough is satisfactory. There has been a very definite improvement in housing conditions during the past ten years. The vast majority of houses have an adequate internal water supply and adequate sanitary accommodation within their own curtilage. The constant vigilance of the Sanitary Inspectors has impressed upon both owners and tenants their determina - tion that every dwelling house shall be maintained in a reasonable state of repair and that there shall be systematic observance of cleanliness. While the great majority of these houses are structurally sound, a number of them arc old, worn out and below the modern standards of sanitation and convenience. It is probable that only a minority of the tenants would be able to pay economic rents for alternative accommo - dation, having regard to the rents that require to be fixed for new dwellings, owing to the greatly increased cost of land and construction during recent years. Another problem is caused by certain old people, usually women. Many of these live alone in a single room with no one to look after them. Frequently they rely almost entirely on the Old Age Pension for susten - ance. Gradually growing feebler with the passage of time, they eventually become unable properly to care for themselves or their homes. Although every means of persuasion is tried, these cases usually decline to enter a Poor Law Institution and the condition often persists for a lengthened period. Fortunately, this problem has now been met by legislation. Under the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, it is possible to arrange for the removal of such cases to a suitable institution. 