56 In the east end of Deptford there are from two to three thousand houses forming an area which was condemned by the Medical Officer of Health for Deptford some five to six years ago. The houses are still there, all of them. The area was not dealt with by the London County Council, it may be because the area "represented" was too large and its demolition would have cost a vast sum of money. The people who live east of High Street belong to the very poor; they are casual and unskilled labourers, men who work at the docks, and men who live off the barrow. It is the correct thing in some quarters, when speaking of slum dwellers, to refer to them as the submerged tenth, to speak of them as if they and their surroundings must be accepted as inevitable, as if, in effect, they were a definite part of the scheme of things and to disturb which would be an inter - ference with the plans and intentions of an all-wise Creator. Now, how are these people being housed? Is the story about overcrowding a true one, and, if so, is it serious as regards health and happiness ? Are they to be left as they are ? East of High Street, many of these houses are tenement houses or houses let-in-lodgings. Here for example are the housing inspection record cards for Hales Street. The first card tells of three families consisting of eight people living in 4 rooms (this record was made on the 9th July, 1925). As the result of this inspection, the Inspector sent an intimation notice for minor defects, four items in which related to such things as defective copper, defective W.C., etc., and five items regarding dirtiness of staircase, passage, etc., etc. The families were paying rents as follows:—9s. for two rooms, 4s. for one room, etc. In one of the three families there was overcrowding. In another tenement house the rents were (a) 10s. for two rooms, 5s. for one room, (c) 5s. 6d. for one room. Turn now to the results of the house-to-house inspections made in 1925 by the Sanitary Inspectors throughout the Borough. Over 1800 houses were so inspected, and these were not confined to the east end. On another page will be seen lists of streets where such inspections were made. In submitting the undermentioned evidence regarding overcrowding, it should be observed that the Inspectors did not pick upon certain houses or groups of such with a view to discovering serious conditions. It should further be observed that by "over - crowding" we mean the presence of over two people per room in a 