137 teach the public that many dairy farms are aiming at a pure milk supply. The stall could exhibit butter, fresh eggs, honey, chocolates, etc. The V.D. Stall forms part of the armamentarium of that splendid body, the British Social Hygiene Council, Carteret House, Carteret Street, S.W. Much cant and humbug surround this subject. Are our lads and girls of 14 to learn about sex matters and their aberrations in an unsavoury manner, or is the subject to be presented to them in a clean and wholesome way associated with the first rank lecturers and staff of the National Council ? The National Council makes, at least, a threefold appeal to our interest. Take the film, " The Public Health Twins." This will be given, with a running explanation, by the film secretary of the National Council. The National Council has branches in all the big towns and cities throughout the country. Of course, if any special journey has to be made to an outlying district, the local authority would have to pay the cost of transit of the apparatus and the operator's expenses. The V.D. stall is petite and very instructive. I have noticed that men and women pick up literature here with avidity and pocket the same, with a view to a quiet perusal far from the madding crowd. All to the good, of course. There is nothing fearsome about the stall. The " Empty Cradle " is by the way of becoming a hardy annual; its appeal is based on the fact that V.D. may cause sterility and, of course, heartburnings, where either or both putative parents are fond of children. Within the stall there is a baby film dealing eloquently with facts and figures and this film, lasting a few minutes, is shown by the superin - tendent as each fresh group gathers round. The National Council offers the services of a brilliant lecturer each evening if desired, to address an audience of great dimensions, and with or without a film. I strongly advise that one evening should be set aside in a large hall for a lecture to men only, using the film " Whatsoever a man soweth." Another evening could be given up to women only, a lady doctor speaking on this occasion and using an appropriate film. The exhibition hall is not very suitable, for two reasons. Many people come to see the exhibi - tion as a whole, and walking round is held up during the lecture. Again, the audience here is a mixed one, and consequently the lecturer cannot let himself go as he or she would, where the sexes are separate. Devote 