147 read the " Town Talk " column, he will read all about the forthcoming Health Week. In this way the necessary atmosphere is created and public interest aroused. Keep the public on the tip toe of expectation with some fresh morsel of information every other week until the advertisement columns finally burst into a blaze, with the programme, in the two issues of the paper actually preceding Health Week. The Town Clerk should write to the editors asking them to print a pointed leader, providing him with the necessary ammunition for the job. Obtain sanction for the posting of large bills or placards on the Corporation dustcarts and other vehicles. Make free use of the hoard - ings. Print small handbills and see that these are circulated at the Infant Welfare, Tuberculosis, and School Clinics. At each Infant Welfare Centre, advertise to the mothers that there will be five prizes (per Centre) for the best new hand-sewn garments, new knitted and crocheted garments and converted garments. Give two prizes per Centre for fathers for the best home made toys, kicking pens, cradles, etc. To obtain all these prizes, either the lady Councillors or the voluntary workers will be glad to collect money, etc. Never give prizes for a Baby Show; it is folly and causes heartburnings ; but on the last night, prize evening, give special certificates, signed by the Mayor, to those mothers who during the past year, have pulled a baby through a serious illness. Seek the co-operation of shopkeepers to place large bills in their windows. Such bills will announce that the Mayor, Aldermen and Councillors, accompanied by the local Member of Parliament, Clergy, Doctors, etc., will open the Exhibition on the first day. In starting a Health Week, the organiser, if keen, will find pleasure in preparing the ground for the Outside Propaganda. Politicians who speak from trains to crowds at railway stations, during elections, enjoy no greater exhilaration than the enthusiast who passes from meeting to meeting to preach the gospel of health and answer the hecklers at the end. Begin with the Churches where there will be no cross-examination. Send a letter to the Clergymen of all denominations;— " Dear Sir, The Borough Council will be grateful if you would kindly mention our forthcoming Health Week in your place of worship 