149 Write to the Secretary of the local Head Teachers' Association asking them to nominate a subject upon which they would like a special address for all teachers and pupil teachers in the district. This generally calls for close preparation, as our teachers are keen hygienists. Remember the scholars in the large Private Schools. The Head - master will gladly arrange for two short addresses to upwards of 100 boys. Take command of the situation (and the boys), and deliver impressive addresses on " The Care of the Teeth (and toothbrush)", Pyorrhoea, Mouth Breathing and Adenoids, Deafness, etc. Use large diagrams fixed on the blackboard. In large cities, approach the proprietors of the Normal Training Colleges. I have addressed from 30 to 200 of the students on " Pure Food Supplies," "Common Infectious Diseases." If there is a museum or institute with hygienic exhibits, approach the Council for permission to demonstrate to parties of twenty. Explain the sanitation of a building, Refuse Destructors, give the cycle of the different Taeniae and if per - mitted by the Head of the Tropical Diseases Section, arrange for a microscopical demonstration of the parasites of Malaria, Dysentery, Sleeping Sickness, etc. Each year take one section of workers for a special address on the diseases peculiar to their occupation. For example, I have lectured on " The Health of the Clerk." His and her special ailments are – Indigestion, Neurasthenia, Defective eyesight, Tuberculosis and some - times Writer's Cramp. Discuss the remedies and encourage exhaustive discussion. Approach Working Men and Women's Clubs, irrespective of their political views, seeking their wishes. The men will ask for a lead and subsequent debate on housing and house repairs, for a visit to the Disinfecting Station and the Refuse Destructor; the women will re - quest an address on the raison d'etre and operation of the ante-natal clinic and for a visit to an infant welfare centre. What mills and factories are there in your district? What is or what are the main industries? Look up part of the 75th Annual Report, recently published, of the Registrar-General, and study the diseases which each occupation group is subject to, as evidenced by the mortality figures. See the proprietor or manager of the large factory first; there - after consult with representatives of the employees. A pointed fifteen minutes' address will never fail to evoke a keen discussion, and questions. 