153 In 1605-6, the Corporation of London being alarmed at the de - creasing supply from the springs, obtained powers from Parliament to enable them to bring water from the well known springs at Chadwell and Amwell in Hertfordshire, to London, by means of a cutting or trench referred to as a New River. Although the Corporation obtained these powers they did not take advantage of them, and it-was left to a private individual, Hugh Myddelton, a Welshman, and member of Parliament for Denbigh, to offer to undertake the work. With the help of his relations and friends he commenced work in April, 1609, and in spite of considerable opposition and derision, succeeded in bringing the channel as far as Enfield, when all available capital had been expended. Myddelton then applied to the Corporation of London for help, but was refused. He next applied to the King, James I, who agreed to bear half the whole expense, both past and future. With this help the work was completed, and the water flowed into the New River Head, Clerkenwell (where the Board's Head Offices now stand), on Michaelmas day, 1613. The next difficulty was to convey the water from Clerkenwell to the houses in the City. That was done by gravitation through pipes made of elm trees, bored to the required size and one end sharpened for insertion into the butt of the next log. This method of supply remained in force until the beginning of last century when iron came into more general use. The loss of water from the defective wooden pipes was about one-fourth of the quantity supplied. In 1810, it was estimated that the New River Company alone had used 211,000 trees and required over 10,000 trees a year for repairs and extension of supply. With the growth of London the supply from the springs proved insufficient and an additional supply was taken from the River Lea. The area covered by the New River Company comprised the City of London and as far as Westminster, and most parishes north. As London grew and houses and inhabitants increased, other Companies were formed to supply them with water. Overlapping powers to supply in certain areas were obtained from Parliament with the result that keen competition took place between rival companies. Sometimes two companies would have mains side by side in the same street, and as there was no authorised charges, companies were able to undersell each other. The competition became so keen, that ultimately the companies mutually agreed to defined areas of supply. 