146 this itself may cost three guineas, if electric light is available ; if no electric power is handy, there would be 6/- or 7/- to pay in addition for oxygen, or 16/- if oxygen and hydrogen were required. The National Clean Milk Society's lecturers will speak on any aspect of the milk question that might be required. The school Dental Surgeon can hold an audience with his subject for an evening. One last word on the subject of engaging a " big gun " to come and lecture. Be careful in your selection, or he may turn out a " damp squib." The afternoon addresses and talks to women should be held at 3 p.m., and should last from 15 to 20 minutes. Either the Maternity and Child Welfare doctor or the Medical Officer of Health could speak, or one could visit the matron of a large general hospital and ask her to come. Another plan is to write to Miss Halford, Carnegie House, 117 Piccadilly, asking for one or more speakers. In such case, a fee of half-a-guinea and expenses might be asked for the lecturer. A talk by a warm-hearted hospital matron goes well, especially if she brings a miniature model cot and doll, and exhibits some baby clothing. Each organiser knows the capacity of his women's audience best, hence it is wise to confer with the lecturer a fortnight in advance as to the subject of the address. How would you ensure the success of your " Health Week " ? By advertising and by judicious use of prizes for certain competitions. The Council's Minutes are printed. As soon as the Council has passed the Public Health Committee's report (synopsis of) and recom - mendations for a Health Week, button-hole the journalist present at the Council meeting at once. Every organiser should be well and favourably known to the pressmen, alike for his personal character and geniality. There are two types of local newspapers ; there is the fine old staid country journal, always safe, sometimes stodgy, invariably respectable and dignified. There is the popular breezy organ which has a "better sale than all the other local organs put together." Some - times it is known as the local " rag," but it is found in every home. Both types have their uses from the organiser's point of view. The breezy paper generally has a column entitled " Town Talk," "Current Topics," etc. This is the man to enlist. Tell him everything within discretion. On Friday, when Paterfamilias or Ratepayer sits down to 