97 As regards the arrangements for co-operation with the Unemploy - ment Exchange and King's Roll Committee, very little satisfaction has resulted as regards obtaining work for tuberculous adults considered fit to take up some occupation, nor could it be expected that there would be satisfactory results in the present state of wide-spread unemploy- ment among the general population. Co-operation with the School Medical Officer. When a notification of Tuberculosis is received the Visitor, as explained previously, on calling at the home, urges, unless the patient's doctor has expressed a wish to examine the contacts himself, that all the contacts should attend at Dispensary for examination. In the case of school child contacts the results are sent to the School Medical Officer in the case of children examined at Dispensary and he is informed of contacts who have not attended. These children are then examined periodically at school. Informxtion is also sent where available as to whether Tubercle germs have been found in the sputum of the notified person, if a Pulmonary case, as of course contacts of such cases require more careful and prolonged watching. In the case of these or any other children who present suspicious symptoms the School Medical Officer refers them to the Tuberculosis Officer for opinion. Similarly any school children seen at Dispensary requiring treatment for minor defects such as carious teeth, tonsils, adenoids, etc., are recommended for treatment at the school clinic. Suitable cases either of definite Tuberculosis or of delicate children not definitely tuberculous are recommended for Open Air School. Children such as those last mentioned are also recommended in many instances to the Invalid Children's Aid Association for Convalescent Treatment. In 1922 the County Council issued a circular on the subject of boarding out of children from homes, where a case of Pulmonary Tuberculosis was in the terminal stages and under conditions likely to cause infection. This scheme was extended somewhat later in a further circular. This is an excellent work, and a number of children have been removed from massive infection and had their resistance to Tuberculosis and other disease raised by residence in improved surroundings. Considering the views of infection now widely held it would seem that extension of work in this direction, and more particulary work on 